8296	10901	Accounting Clerk (m/w/d)	LIVE FULLY! ! But what does that actually mean? At Marriott there are no limits to your professional and personal development with 8,000 hotels from 30 different brands in 139 countries. Become part of the world's number 1 in the hospitality industry with the Frankfurt Marriott Hotel and be inspired by the diverse possibilities of the future. Benefit from numerous employee benefits in the areas of personal and professional development, health and appreciation. The Frankfurt Marriott Hotel is located directly opposite the Frankfurt Trade Fair and, as a trade fair and conference hotel, welcomes business travelers from all walks of life every day. An international team of 250 employees from more than 40 nations ensures that guests feel comfortable in the "Great Room", the 24-hour business center, in the three restaurants and in a total of 593 rooms. The 23 newly renovated conference rooms, including a ballroom with an area of ​​774 m², a large window front and the latest conference technology, offer a wide range of design options for unforgettable events. 24 different areas - 1 team! We look forward to receiving your application. ACCOUNTING CLERK (M/F/D) Frankfurt Marriott Hotel Live Fully ? Get the best out of yourself, together with us! Do you see the big picture and never lose sight of the details? Then you should not miss this place! As an Accounting Clerk (m/f/d) you are a real numbers genius and an ace in the field of accounting. You are indispensable for achieving our corporate goals and complement our finance team with your knowledge. One thing is certain: with us you will learn something new every day and grow with your tasks. Would you like a modern working atmosphere with colleagues who become friends? Then this job in Germany's tallest hotel could be perfect for you:     Your role in our team You are an expert in dealing with numbers and take on day-to-day work in the diverse areas of accounts receivable and accounts payable You independently take care of the invoice verification, preparation and ?dispatch   As a prospective expert, you support the   With your specific expertise, you are the contact person for our employees, as well as our guests and suppliers    As part of our finance team, you work closely with your colleagues and support you in the preparation of Forecasts as well as the monthly and annual financial statements You are a talented communicator and are responsible for corresponding with our international guests in German and English, both internally and in relation to external companies We are not perfect - therefore you also accept guest complaints and document them then, together with the team, to find a solution and turn negative impressions into positive memories     This is what we want from you:  The most important thing first: Numbers and facts make your heart beat faster and you like to shed light on the darkness of the numbers? You want to develop yourself every day, learn new things and be part of a family and ambitious team You have completed hotel management or commercial training and want to get to know the work behind the scenes of the international hotel industry No matter what is pending, you keep it Keep a cool head even in stressful situations You are characterized by your communicative manner and you feel comfortable in both German and English. Would you like a little more? Fair & plannable working time regulation through minute-precise time recording? the duty roster is given two weeks in advance A friendly and diverse team from many nationalities with flat hierarchies and different areas of expertise, in which people support each other and learn from each other Do you need accommodation to start? With our staff accommodation, we make it easier for you to get started. We want you to grow with us? That's why we support you in your development and offer individual opportunities for advancement. The first impression counts, which is why we offer a targeted on-boarding program. The ?We? Celebrate feelings with employee & team building events Holiday & Christmas bonuses as well as participation in capital-forming benefits Our ?pantry? caters to you at a low price: vegetarian options as well as fresh fruit, water, tea and coffee every day We take care ? with various wellbeing offers & our employee fitness studio ?MShape? Would you like to experience something new? We offer you transfer options to our sister hotels as well as special support within our cluster Discounts on room reservations	accountant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:33.602000
