7932	10537	Account Manager - Premium Customer Service (m/f/d)	Are you an expert (m/f/d) in customer service and complex customer inquiries really motivate you? Are you a problem solver and like to take care of a select group of customers? Then start at the SIXT call center as a customer advisor - premium service (m/f/d) for all questions and topics that arise after the vehicle rental. Do you already have experience in customer service, as a call center agent or as a support employee (m/f/d) and enjoy customer contact? Ideally, then you've come to the right place. Our colorfully mixed team will train you thoroughly and is open to all questions! Sounds interesting? Then apply now and start with us with a permanent contract! What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration + performance-related bonus + support with bAV & VWL PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES: For public holidays, Sundays and Night shift work PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days vacation and regulated working hours with rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance MOBILE WORK: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every appointment through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like to do more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring: You enjoy customer contact and work independently, solution and service-oriented You have several years of experience in the field of customer service (or comparable) You are open-minded, communicative, like to write and make phone calls You are a team player and reliable You do not get lost in the details and have an eye on the big picture You are fluent in German and can also communicate very well in English What you do with us: You answer complex questions Customer inquiries and complaints from our international major and Diamond customers as well as the European arbitration boards for vehicle rentals across the entire SIXT globe by e-mail, telephone and letter in German and English with the right amount of sensitivity. You take care of increasing the satisfaction of our major and Diamond customers in the long term and actively promote customer loyalty through your decisions. You have a varied and demanding job with a wide range of design options. Sounds interesting? Then don't hesitate, just apply now. We look forward to seeing you! Additional information Your area of ​​work: An open ear for our customers - nothing is more important to us. We are always there if there are questions, requests or problems. Whether by phone, email, chat or social media, whether in German or English: We are only satisfied when our customers are satisfied. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:48.981000
