8158	10763	Accounts Payable Clerk (m/f/d)	You count the seagulls in Warnemünde? To strengthen our accounting department, we are now looking for an accounts payable clerk (m/f/d) at the Grubenstraße location in Rostock who is interested in working internationally and appreciates being 100% digital. Do you know what debits and credits are and are you looking for a new challenge? Then become part of the team and start your new accountant job in Rostock! Do you have any questions about the position? Then just give me a call: 0381/8070 5420. What you do with us: You work in one of our international Accounts Payable teams and are part of our large 50-strong accounts payable department You record, account and control business transactions You reconcile accounts and accept them Account clarification You prepare the payment transactions and then carry out the payment You are responsible for the written and telephone processing of internal and external inquiries What you bring with you: You have completed commercial or tax training - ideally with further training as an accountant (m/f/ d) You love numbers and are familiar with the basics of accounting You work on schedule, thoroughly and in a structured manner You are confident in dealing with MS Office and preferably have knowledge of the common accounting systems You are an organizational talent and otherwise like us: dynamic, unconventional and flexible You have a good command of English and are fluent in German at mother tongue level Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) and we will hire you for an unlimited period right from the start. Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. About the department: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. Internal Audit also plays an indispensable role in this, combining assurance and consulting in order to optimize the effectiveness of the areas. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We believe in real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and ri	accountant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:16.751000
