5983	8588	Accounting employee (f/m/d), Leipzig, Saxony, Germany	Accounting Clerk (f/m/d) Your tasks For our logistics location in Leipzig, we are looking for reinforcement in the Accounting department for the Team Shared Service Center Area East as Accounting Clerk (f/m/d) Your responsibilities and tasks are, among other things, Daily monitoring and control of national and international accounts (RMS) Review of group settlements Booking and onward debiting of incoming documents Error analyzes and process adjustments Document archiving Requirements Our requirement criteria A successfully completed commercial training Experience in the area of ​​accounting, number affinity You have good MS Office 365 knowledge and are fit in spoken and written English You are a number artist and organizational talent, resilient and flexible Have a safe and friendly demeanor And are always customer and service-oriented We offer you a motivated, varied, performance- and success-oriented work environment and all the advantages of a large company Plenty Professional and personal training opportunities Above-tariff payment, company pension scheme Holiday and Christmas bonuses, capital-forming benefits Great career opportunities and development opportunities Flexible working time models (work-life balance, mobile working) Flat hierarchies Benefits Attractive conditions In addition to a wide range of fringe benefits and a company pension scheme, we offer our employees (m /w/d) other attractive discounts. Attractive remuneration We pay industry-specific, above-average remuneration. Individual development With an extensive range of seminars, training courses and qualifications, we offer you individual and long-term development and promotion opportunities. Interesting challenges Fascinating projects and tasks of an individual character from the planning and implementation of innovative ideas to large-scale projects enrich your working environment. First network and contacts Our junior staff are encouraged to maintain and expand their network. There is always the opportunity for professional and personal exchange with other colleagues (m/f/d). Discounts and promotions With us, you benefit from discounts in the areas of shopping, leisure and travel. The monthly changing offers include e.g. mobile phone contracts, insurance, electricity tariffs, discounts at hotel chains, fashion and lifestyle. Stability and security In a future-oriented group, we offer our employees (m/f/d) many opportunities for a long-term perspective. Work-life balance With the help of our social partner awo lifebalance, we support you in your search for daycare places and the compatibility of work and family. You can also take time off to care for family members. Company health management At DB Schenker, you benefit from comprehensive company health management with programs for health promotion and prevention. Employee events In addition to local events (such as company runs, summer parties and/or Christmas parties), our employees (m/f/d) can demonstrate their team spirit at our annual DB Schenker football tournament. Working atmosphere As a team, we achieve the best for our customers, employees (m/f/d) and people worldwide, so a pleasant working atmosphere is important to us. Mobile working With our program FLOW (Flexible Location for Work) you can work from the mobile office on a daily basis, e.g. B. from home.	cost calculator	None	2023-03-07 16:02:50.208000
