7576	10181	Accounting employee (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. As an employee in our accounting department, you will work in accounts payable and accounts receivable. You record invoices, post them and coordinate with the managers of our departments for the correct allocation, so that both our reporting and liquidity planning can run smoothly. Long-term cooperation in a small team with an independent area of ​​responsibility is a perspective that you wish for? Then become our new accounting employee (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in everyday work: Processing, checking and posting incoming invoices Posting current business transactions, cash registers and banks in DATEV Developing standard reports in Excel Our benefits A free parking space, a job ticket with Employer subsidies (25.01 ? and 19% savings on the subscription price) or a free job bike A free season pass for you, your partner and your children and thus the option to discover not only BELANTIS but also free of charge in amusement parks worldwide A cheap canteen (2 .50 ? the main meal), company events, a staff volleyball court and much more. Your benefits Completed commercial training, also with further training as a financial accountant Practical experience in financial accounting Experience in dealing with ERP systems (e.g. Sage, DATEV or SAP) and with the common Office programs, especially Excel Affinity for numbers and their evaluation Confident appearance, Ability to work in a team and reliability Your adventure A permanent full-time employment contract Your working hours Monday to Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Your remuneration Fixed salary on a negotiable basis Working methods & team Independent action in a small team together with your team leader and our main cashiers Your start is possible from immediately convinced? Then apply with your CV, your certificates and your salary expectations. Our application process usually consists of a personal interview and a trial day to get to know the team. If you have any questions, please contact Marlene Woloszyn, Senior Manager HR (Phone / Whatsapp 0151 147 301 09 or personal@belantis.de).	accountant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:05.214000
