8137	10742	Accounts receivable clerk (m/f/d)	Do you like counting seagulls on the beach? Great - then you fit in with us. We are expanding and are looking for reinforcement for our Accounts Receivables department at the Rostock city harbour. Would you like to work as a accounts receivable clerk (m/f/d) in Grubenstraße and juggle numbers with your 18 dear colleagues (m/f/d)? Then apply. Do you have questions in advance? Then give us a call: 0381/8070 5420. What you do with us: You are responsible for allocating and posting incoming credit card payments and clarifying payment differences You submit checks to the bank and book them In addition, you are more relevant for maintenance and coordination Responsible for accounts and preparatory closing activities You are an interface function to internal specialist departments for customer inquiries You work closely with downstream receivables management, who take care of the dunning process What you bring with you: You have completed commercial training, e.g. as a clerk for office management, industry, banking or as a tax clerk (m/f/d), possibly with further training as an accountant (m/f/d) and love working with numbers Ideally, you have initial professional experience in accounting and have already worked as a accounts receivable clerk, financial accountant (m/f /d) Worked You work independently, on time, thoroughly and in a structured manner You are confident in using MS Office and preferably have knowledge of the common accounting systems (SAP) You can communicate well in English by e-mail and a telephone call in English is also for you no problem You are an organizational talent and otherwise like us - dynamic, unconventional and flexible Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) and we will hire you for an unlimited period right from the start. Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. Internal Audit also plays an indispensable role in this, combining assurance and consulting in order to optimize the effectiveness of the areas. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners we are in more	accountant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:14.176000
