7606	10211	Account Manager (m/w/d)	Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! If you have any further questions, just give us a call: Tel. 0 69 69 77 - 12 96 or contact us by email at hr.frankfurt@marriott.com. We are happy to take the time for you! And now we look forward to your online application. Our Marriott International group, including its brands, which includes the Marriott and Sheraton brands, promotes equal opportunity and treatment and is committed to promoting a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. You will: build up, maintain and optimize existing business relationships, always be on the lookout for new customers, look ahead to your markets, for example through business trips and knife representations, be the first point of contact for contract negotiations within your sales area, use your market knowledge and customer analysis techniques profitably, national and coordinate international customer inquiries and offers carry out telemarketing and mailing campaigns put the finishing touches on our fam trips, presentations and sales flashes bring in new ideas in customer care, acquisition or all other sales areas be responsible for the early identification of potential markets and their development be jointly responsible for advise your colleagues on the sales strategies in accordance with the budget specifications and share your specialist knowledge with you What do we wish for? A team member with passion A communication talent with a friendly and professional demeanor A team player with a positive attitude, high level of commitment and negotiating skills Fluent German and English skills, both written and spoken Familiar with common MS Office applications Completed studies or training, preferably in the hotel industry or in tourism with appropriate professional experience (at least 2 years of experience in sales or events) We offer you: A unique working environment with two premium class hotels under one roof in which you will be challenged and encouraged Good promotion opportunities in-house and good transfer opportunities to our sister hotels Pleasant working atmosphere and positive results at www.kununu.com Structured and well-founded induction period and programs External and internal training (in-house training department) as well as language courses (German & English) Reduced employee overnight stays and F&B discounts in our more than 8,000 hotels in the Marriott Group Worldwide recognition from very Good performance (choice: employee of the month) Team events and opportunities to get involved in social projects Very good transport connections and parking facilities in the immediate vicinity The salary is determined by the Hessian collective agreement, which is one of the best in Germany Christmas bonus and holiday bonus above the standard tariff Travel allowance Discounted meals in our staff restaurant Possibility of a company pension through deferred compensation Capital-forming benefits   But you are still hesitating with your application because you believe that you only meet parts of the requirement profile that the advertised position might not be the right career step for you that such a large hotel is definitely impersonal and only something for? high-flyers? is. Then we have a little hint for you: Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! And now we look forward to your online application.	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:08.875000
