6338	8943	Accountant: in fixed assets energy industry (m/f/d)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Regensburg | Temporary | full time | 213730

We make it possible for around 7 million people in our Bavarian supply areas to be reliably supplied with energy. The energy transition is succeeding, because around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. Shape the future of energy with us. The Bayernwerk Group, a 100 percent subsidiary of the E.ON Group, offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations, such as network operation - expansion, further development of the energy networks or customer solutions for electromobility.

To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for an accountant:in fixed assets in the energy industry (m/f/d) as soon as possible. If you are interested, please apply by March 2nd, 2023.

A task that challenges

As a regional supply network operator, we see it as our core task to ensure the energy supply with future-oriented energy networks and solutions. As an asset accountant, you are responsible for checking, processing and posting business transactions in fixed assets.

The preparation of the quarterly and annual financial statements according to HGB and IFRS is part of your job.
You make your own accounting decisions (IFRS, HGB and TAX) and evaluate business transactions.
You are the commercial contact person for colleagues, auditors, auditors, tax and regulation.
The creation and processing of master data in SAP FI-AA round off your area of ​​responsibility.

A background that convinces

"We before I" is very important to us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility.
You have a quick grasp, recognize connections and draw the right conclusions to find innovative solutions.
You have an understanding of technical and economic relationships and enjoy working with numbers.
In order to meet the requirements, you have good SAP knowledge (FI-AA, FI, PM). Knowledge of accounting according to IFRS, HGB and TAX round off your profile.
You have several years of professional experience in the field of asset accounting or have completed further training as an accountant or a business degree.

An environment that inspires.

We are a regional employer with a family working atmosphere. Your colleagues will work with you to organize your induction so that you quickly become part of our team and feel comfortable in the Bayernwerk family.
We invest in your personal and professional development and offer you a wide range of opportunities for individual further training.
With us you can turn your "home" into an "office" in order to work even more flexibly.
Your work-life balance is important to us! That's why we offer you flexible working hours and work locations, a flextime account that you can use to convert overtime into free time, and 30 days of annual leave.
Our collective agreement offers you security. An attractive salary is framed by many additional benefits such as a Christmas bonus, a subsidy towards sick pay, accident insurance and our company pension scheme.

Do you still have questions?
For more information please contact Verena Mundt, +499412017888.

Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 2nd, 2023.

With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities corresponds to our self-image and we therefore welcome their application.	accountant	None	2023-03-07 16:03:33.751000
