7042	9647	administrative staff	Our DNA: Teamwork, lived tolerance and the well-being of each individual are just as important to us at AWO as fair remuneration and sufficient vacation time. And that is traditional! Are you looking for an employer who offers you diverse professional perspectives and advantages? Then come join us! Regardless of which of our locations you join, you can expect an appreciative working atmosphere supported by active social partnership. Our locations offer you a modern working environment in which you will receive the best possible support in your daily tasks and where you can balance your private and professional life. Get to know us and discover what AWO Seniorendienste gGmbH can do with its services and facilities and what it offers you as an employer! To strengthen the team, we are looking for an administrative worker (m/f/d) to replace parental leave as soon as possible. You know your job best. We offer you the right conditions so that you can do your job with passion, heart and motivation. You have completed a three-year apprenticeship as a health care clerk (m/f/d) or similar. They have a high degree of social competence in dealing with residents, their relatives and carers. You bring team spirit, flexibility and a sense of responsibility. You enjoy working responsibly, carefully and independently. They identify with the goals and values ​​of workers' welfare. Resilience, personal commitment and reliability characterize you and round off your profile. a performance-related remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) with additional social benefits such as an employer-financed company pension scheme, sick pay allowance, capital-forming benefits and an annual bonus of max. 90%. 30 days holiday and additional holiday according to collective agreement. the opportunity to lease a company bike through our cooperation partner "Business Bike" and receive a subsidy from the employer. Participation in the major customer discount model for a company ticket and attractive employee discounts from well-known companies, e.g. B. on trips, technology and much more about corporate benefits. a reduced employee contribution to the fitness company FitX. This is how you stay fit and healthy. the opportunity to reconcile family, free time and work. long-term, secure personal and professional prospects with an employer with a 100-year association history.. the opportunity to further and further educate yourself personally and professionally. a well-founded induction and mentoring program.	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:04:59.881000
