6340	8945	Administrator Energienetze (m/w/d)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Kolbermoor | Indefinite | full time | 213893

We make it possible for around 7 million people in our Bavarian supply areas to be reliably supplied with energy. The energy transition is succeeding, because around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. Shape the future of energy with us. The Bayernwerk Group, a 100 percent subsidiary of the E.ON Group, offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations, such as network operation - expansion, further development of the energy networks or customer solutions for electromobility.

To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for an Energy Network Administrator (m/f/d) as soon as possible. If you are interested, please apply by March 5th, 2023.
A task that challenges.
As an energy network low-voltage switchgear administrator, your work on our network will help ensure that your region is supplied with energy safely and reliably and that plants for renewable energies can feed in electricity.
You are responsible for ensuring and coordinating network management in the low-voltage network and for controlling measures to locate and rectify faults.
You take care of the cooperation with the network management (medium-voltage network) and control the coordination of circuits by the service teams/service providers.
You monitor the switching authorizations of the employees and manage the keys for electrical systems.
The consistent power supply in your region is the be-all and end-all. You support us in locating faults and quickly remedying them as part of the on-call service.

A background that convinces.
You find it easy to take the perspective of our customers and thus develop efficient and clever solutions.
"We before I" is very important to us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility.
The health of our employees is the most important thing. You have an eye for people and are sensitive to the issues of occupational safety and health.
You are interested in the area of ​​responsibility of the Bayernwerk, the topology of a supply network and you are motivated for the challenge of ensuring the energy supply.
You have successfully completed vocational training and further training to become a master craftsman/technician in electrical engineering.

An environment that inspires.
We want to shape the energy transition in Bavaria! With us you can do pioneering work and realize your own ideas and approaches.
A diverse team is waiting for you: We will take care of your induction so that you quickly feel part of the team and feel at home in the Bayernwerk family.
We invest in your personal and professional development. That is why we offer you a wide range of opportunities for individual further training.
Our collective agreement offers you security. Your attractive remuneration is framed by many additional benefits such as a Christmas bonus, sick pay allowance, accident insurance and our company pension scheme.
We are a family friendly company. You benefit from our extensive range of childcare and advisory services when it comes to caring for relatives.
A healthy balance between work and leisure is important to us! Therefore, in addition to the design options for working hours and work location, we offer you a flexitime account, which you can use to convert overtime and travel times into free time, as well as 30 days of annual leave.


Do you still have questions?
For more information on the recruiting process, please contact Maximilian Seybold, +4989242420244.
Armin Schlaf, +4980318099531, will answer questions about the area of ​​responsibility or the future team

Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 5th, 2023.

With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities corresponds to our self-image and we therefore welcome their application.	Technician - electrical engineering (energy technology)	None	2023-03-07 16:03:33.997000
