5908	8513	Administrative staff (m/f/d)	Being able to live healthy – this includes healthy food, safe products and protection against illness. As a scientific authority, the Bavarian State Office for Health and Food Safety (LGL) examines food and products and develops specialist concepts to combat the causes and consequences of diseases. The LGL provides information and clarification so that people can make their own health-related decisions on a reliable basis. The Bavarian State Office for Health and Food Safety (LGL) is looking for an administrative employee (m/f/d) for the subject area GI2 "Public Health Microbiology" in Oberschleißheim as soon as possible Dispatch after medical validation Participation in sample acceptance Acceptance of correspondence, filing, writing dictations and, if necessary, taking minutes Set-up and maintenance of electronic calendars Acceptance of the telephone switchboard Organization and support of events Data processing Creation of serial letters Completion of general administrative and office work A curriculum vitae, the We are impressed by successfully completed training as an administrative assistant (m/f/d), office clerk (m/f/d) or clerk (m/f/d) for office management or a similar and equivalent qualification, experience in secretarial work Organizational experience Good knowledge of the current IT programs (MS Office) Good knowledge of English is desirable Confident and friendly demeanor Social competence Good teamwork High sense of responsibility and independent work Willingness to occasionally take on weekend and holiday services Comprehensive knowledge of German (at least language level B2) An environment that She inspires Flexible working hours Official health management Compatibility of family and career 30 days vacation plus no work on Christmas Eve and New Year Company pension scheme Annual bonus Capital-forming benefits Canteen on site or nearby Free parking Discount on public transport ("Jobticket") Employment relationship / evaluation The recruitment takes place initially in the Ways of a fixed-term employment relationship limited to up to two years. A permanent follow-up employment is sought after probation. The remuneration is based on the provisions of the TV-L. Depending on qualifications and personal requirements, the intended classification will be in pay group E 5. Application If we have aroused your interest, please apply via our online application portal on the website by March 7th, 2023. Further information on the application process, which is part of this call for applications, can also be found on our website. APPLY HERE We look forward to seeing you! Your contacts If you have any questions, please contact Prof. Dr. dr Sing, Tel. 09131 6808-5814, and Dr. Ackermann, Tel. 09131 6808-5172, gladly at your disposal. Bavarian State Office for Health and Food Safety Z2 – Human Resources Eggenreuther Weg 43 | 91058 Erlangen www.lgl.bayern.de	office clerk	None	2023-03-07 16:02:40.907000
