9577	12182	AEM Developer (m/w/d) München	-What you do with us-




· Based on the requirements of our customers, you develop with us
your colleagues valuable backend components for AEM (Adobe
Experience Manager) and program them to the maximum
quality and efficiency. This includes conception and implementation
from complex extensions for this content management system to yours
Responsibilities and you work on creating technical ones
specifications with.
· Software development is not assembly line work, but requires it
Creativity. That's why you develop architectural and
conceptual software solutions and likes to look over the coding
out of the box.
· You will also work closely with our frontend developers and UX experts
together and supports colleagues with advice and analysis, in
Requirements engineering as well as in the creation of concepts and the
Architecture. Your flair for technology, aesthetics and usability helps
with you.
· Support for the maintenance and further development of existing ones
Applications and the creation of cost estimates are part of
your tasks.
· We always want to develop one another. That's why you use
with your team code reviews using pull requests to get a high
generate code quality.
· Your skills are in demand: The website has the greatest visibility and must
meet the highest non-functional requirements - like
High performance, robustness, security - and on various end devices
function comfortably.

-when you fit in with us-




· You are a real team player. One for all, all for one - that
is your motto and ours.
· Our manifesto is Software Craftmanship. You understand coding as
Craft, see yourself as an expert in your field, are always there
interested in generating high quality code and want to work in the
development create sustainable added value.
· You are familiar with the further development of CMS systems and the
Implementation in Adobe Experience Manager. You already have
several years of experience in the conception and development of the Java Web
Environment. Experience in unit testing is also part of your daily
Business.
· If, in addition to your backend affinity, you also have first frontend experience in the
If you bring HTML, CSS3 and JavaScript with you, that's a nice plus.
· You are open to technological innovations. You have the
intrinsic motivation and willingness to learn. you on the job
to continuously develop and share your knowledge with your colleagues
to pass on. We are happy to support you with a variety of
Further training measures and internal offers!
· You are good at communication, at least in German. good english is
desirable.

-Your advantages-




· We do everything we can to ensure that you can balance your private and professional life
can bring. This includes free time management and mobile working.
· Whether internal chapter sessions, hackathons, the diva-e academy or the
Visiting conferences and barcamps – we do it for your further education
everything and are open to your wishes. You also develop
you "on the job" steadily and always learn something new.
· We have 8 locations and a large portfolio of services. You
Does it move to another location or you want others
areas of responsibility. get to know? No problem, with us you have them
opportunities to do so.
· With us you can choose the hardware you want to work with
choose freely from our hardware catalogue	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:10:10.741000
