3534	6139	Agronomist, Biologist - European Patent Attorney, IP Manager	About KWS
KWS is one of the world’s leading plant breeding companies. Over 5,000 employees in more than 70 countries generated net sales of around €1.5 billion in the fiscal year 2021/2022. A company with a tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for 165 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for corn, sugarbeet, cereals, vegetables, oilseed rape and sunflower. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods to continuously improve yield for farmers and plants’ resistance to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To that end, the company invested more than €285 million last fiscal year in research and development. For more information: www.kws.com/career. Follow us on LinkedIn® at https://linkedin.com/company/kwsgroup/.

IP Manager (m/f/d)
Field of Work: Legal, Tax, IP
Location: Berlin, BE, DE Einbeck, Lower Saxony, DE
Legal Entity: KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA (0001)
Contract Type: Temporary
Is Full Time?: Yes
Onsite/ Remote: Hybrid Working Within Country
Job ID: 12927

Plan your next career step with us as an Intellectual Property Manager - Life Sciences and Biotech (m/f/d) at KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA.

Are you a European Patent Attorney looking to develop in-house experience in a global company? This is an exciting opportunity to develop an inside perspective from a leader in the agriculture sector. You will have the chance to learn how clients operate internally as part of a dynamic, international team in the role of IP Manager at KWS. The IP Manager is responsible for steering all IP-related matters for several technology areas in a rapidly evolving business context. You will have close interactions with KWS colleagues from R&D/Breeding, Business, and Legal/IP, and will serve the company as an IP ambassador to create new value for the KWS Group.

This is a temporary position for 2-years and on a full-time basis.

The place of work is in Berlin or at our HQ in Einbeck, Lower Saxony, Germany. Hybrid work is also possible. 
	Develop and implement strategies that protect and create value using patents, PVP, and other means of IP protection across the KWS Group for defined technical areas
	Closely interact with stakeholders throughout the company to promote and support product development at all stages
	Evaluate and monitor the competitive IP landscape to establish and assess freedom-to-operate strategies
	Conduct and manage patent prosecution in line with KWS business needs worldwide
	Participate in preparation, review, and negotiation of contracts involving IP
 
	Qualification as a European Patent Attorney or advanced candidate for European Patent Attorney
	An MS or PhD degree in life sciences, biology, agronomy, plant breeding or in a related field
	A customer-focused, can-do attitude
	Excellent analytical, presentation, communication, and collaboration skills
	Proficiency in English
 
	Working in an international, highly motivated and dynamic team with flat hierarchies.
	Flexible working hours with the possibility of mobile working (hybrid).
	According to our slogan: "Make Yourself Grow!" we promote individual professional and personal development.
	We create the right framework conditions for you: a company pension scheme, capital-forming benefits, Christmas and holiday bonuses, special prices for company shares, childcare allowance and a job bike.	Agricultural scientist / agricultural economist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:47.984000
