7896	10501	All-rounder in the field of kitchen and snack service m/f/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Yes, it's true: regulated working hours, free evenings and weekends or part-time jobs cannot be reconciled with everyday life in a demanding restaurant kitchen. Unless, of course, you apply to one of our business restaurants. A high-quality, fresh and creative cuisine is just as important to us here as the compatibility of work and private life. With our friendly, appreciative team, that may not be as important to you as it is elsewhere. Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies throughout Germany and Liechtenstein and premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 160 employees at 18 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? We are looking for reinforcement for our team in our business restaurant in Moosburg part-time (10:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.) as an all-rounder for kitchen & automatic filling (m/f/d) These tasks await you with us: Help with everything that arises in the kitchen area Tasks Enjoying handling food Support in the preparation, preparation and serving of food Serving & looking after the buffets during the food service Daily filling of the beverage and coffee machines Cleaning of the work area & equipment Cleaning & care of the machines including regular cleaning work according to HACCP Responsible for Order and cleanliness in the machine stations Support in the scullery This is what we want from you: Experience in a similar area of ​​responsibility Responsible and precise working methods Good knowledge of German and good manners Team orientation and flexibility With this offer we would like to convince you: Varied and responsible tasks Working in a 5th -day week from Monday to Friday (weekends & public holidays free) a pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team with uncomplicated cooperation a constantly growing and yet family-run company with short decision-making processes performance-related remuneration, opportunities for further development and attractive social benefits Have we aroused your interest? We are looking forward to your application!	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:06:44.551000
