7596	10201	All-rounder (m/f/d) for spa and sauna	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: Welcoming the guests in the spa area, taking into account the specified standards Contact person for our guests in the pool, fitness and sauna area Ensuring the cleanliness and order of the wellness area Carrying out various wellness massages is an advantage You enjoy sauna infusions and carry them out or are open to learning these Passing on guest requests to the relevant departments   You have: A warm, positive charisma and enjoy the role of host A well-groomed, polite and friendly demeanor Reliability, creativity and teamwork Willingness to work flexible hours (including weekends and public holidays ) Attention to detail Good knowledge of German      ·        We offer you: A 5-day week or by arrangement Working time account with the possibility of compensation Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation During the breaks in our modern staff lounge Employee benefits in-house Regular get-togethers outside of the office Discounts on corporate benefits (cross-industry discounts) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability) We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Wellnessmanager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.658000
