7452	10057	Allrounder service staff (d/f/m) in the company restaurant	At SV Germany you can expect a dynamic working environment, varied tasks, progressive fringe benefits as well as internal promotion programs and further training opportunities. The leading company in community catering operates over 200 restaurants and canteens throughout Germany ? sustainable and future-oriented. 04318 Leipzig SV Business Catering GmbH Full and part-time possible Allrounder service staff (d/f/m) company restaurant Well, would you like a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! What you do Guest service at the food counter and operating the cash register Responsibility for the smooth running of the conference service Ensuring the necessary mise-en-place for the lunch service and helping out in the kitchen General tidying up and cleaning work Carrying out occasional events in the evening What you bring with you You have already gained experience in gastronomy You understand and speak German and English A quick grasp, independence and flexibility Open-minded and motivated personality Enjoying the service profession Your place of work Together with 10 employees, you surprise up to 500 guests every day in our customer’s SV restaurant in Leipzig in the conference service for up to 200 people with a wide range: creative, seasonal dishes, freshly prepared and varied. You will work full-time or part-time, Monday to Friday, between 7 a.m. and 4 p.m., depending on the roster. You are available flexibly for occasional special events in the evening Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Christian De Buck, Team Lead HR Recruiting	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:05:49.940000
