8034	10639	Amusement park employee (m/f/d)	Action-packed adventures, even more exciting and explosive than any blockbuster - in addition to fast-paced roller coasters and spectacular shows, it is primarily the attractions for the whole family that make Movie Park Germany one of the best amusement parks in Germany. Movie Park Germany is rolling out the red carpet? And not just for our guests! For our anniversary season, we're casting the crew for one of the biggest Hollywood adventures in our 25-year park history. It calls for spotlight and lots of action in Germany's #1 family theme park. And as befits a good blockbuster, does it of course live from its main actors? so maybe from you! Follow our call and apply full-time, part-time and on a 450? basis - pupils, students and pensioners are also welcome as amusement park employees (m/f/d) During your employment you will be employed in one of our subject areas for the following tasks: - You greets/says goodbye to our guests and answer possible questions - you take care of and take our guests' orders (and collect) - you prepare incoming orders according to defined quality standards - you are responsible for operating the attraction/s - you clean the one you are responsible for Working area For your commitment, we offer you a motivated and friendly working atmosphere in an exceptional working environment with high safety standards. In addition to remuneration regulated by a collective agreement, you will receive free entry and free tickets for Movie Park Germany as well as other attractive discounts from other cooperation partners. As a team player and reliable employee, you should also have the following qualities: - Well-groomed appearance with a friendly charisma - Good manners and communication skills - Independent and flexible work (willingness to work weekends) Your cinematic adventure is only a take away. A follow-up contract for the next season is possible in the following year. You can find more information on our website movieparkgermany.de/jobs. We look forward to receiving your application documents and are happy to answer any questions you may have on 02045 899 -540. Please send your meaningful application documents to hr@moviepark.de. Movie Park Germany GmbH Human Resources Warner Allee 1 46244 Bottrop-Kirchhellen	showman	None	2023-03-07 16:07:01.567000
