8304	10909	Apprenticeships in aja Travemünde	What awaits you here? Best prospects for a job in the coolest corner of Travemünde. Because the resort is right at the mouth of the Baltic Sea and Trave. And the spectacular four-master "Passat" anchors right in front of our front door. Look forward to the numerous leisure and water sports opportunities and the UNESCO World Heritage city of Lübeck, which is only a stone's throw away from the Baltic Sea resort. Your Travemünde: You always loved the sea. In the past you could just sit on the beach, listen to the waves, count seagulls and look at the horizon. And now? What used to be a holiday is now part of everyday life for you. Everyday life in its most beautiful form. Because with your job in a top location right on the water, you've finally hit the bull's eye. But that's not all. The working atmosphere is as pleasant as a light Baltic Sea breeze on your skin. Back then you envied the sailors. Your sailing course starts tomorrow. You can't wait to crash through the waves and take a look at the aja resort from the water. The place that changed your life. Finally graduated and an office job is out of the question? Do you want to work with people, earn your first money right away and take the first step towards the big, wide world? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for people with a heart who enjoy making others happy. Do your training with us in aja Travemünde and we will enable you to start your tourism career. What comes next? the sky is the limit! Your apprenticeships with us: Hotel manager (m/f/d) Specialist for gastronomy (m/f/d) Cook (m/f/d) You bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - whether it is a secondary school certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur is not important to us You enjoy dealing directly with people You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being hired after the training 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 25 ? With the NAH.SH job ticket, monthly holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with ours Company pension plan With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date. You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Travemünde Am Leuchtenfeld 7 23570 Travemünde Ms. Simone Schramm Administration + 49 (0) 04502 8864 2556 verwaltung.travemuende@aja.de www. aja.de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:34.593000
