8318	10923	Apprenticeship clerk for hotel management (m/f/d)	The hotel offers 115 modern and air-conditioned double rooms, including twin rooms and rooms for disabled people, three conference and meeting rooms with daylight, 60 parking spaces on site, and a lobby bar with 24-hour hot and cold snacks. The hotel is ideally located in Karlsruhe Südstadt at the City-Park, only minutes from Karlsruhe Central Station (1 km) and the city center with Karlsruhe City Palace, shopping streets, zoo, the KSC Wildpark Stadium, university, Federal Court of Justice, museums and conference center. Karlsruhe exhibition center can be reached in a few minutes by car. The modern hotel rooms offer the best sleeping arrangements, flat screen TV with a selection of national and international channels, free WiFi, safe, free tea/coffee and an elegant and contemporary bathroom. Everything you need to get a good night's sleep and the best start to your day - starting with a complimentary generous breakfast buffet. .... Fancy a design hotel?? ....Fancy the best hotel in town?? Do you love variety and like to approach other people? Would you like to work in a team? Doing the same thing every day is out of the question for you? Then you should definitely apply to us. The Holiday Inn Express Karlsruhe City Park offers 115 modern and air-conditioned double rooms, including twin rooms and rooms for disabled people, three conference and meeting rooms with daylight, 60 parking spaces on site, and a lobby bar with 24-hour hot and cold snacks. Be part of the best the region has to offer!! We offer: Entry into the largest hotel chain in Europe. Employee rates worldwide in 7500 hotels. Personal further training Opportunity to be taken on after training Fair and regulated working hours Meals in our own staff restaurant What you can expect and what you will learn: You will work in all areas of the hotel and as an all-rounder you can basically be used anywhere You start at reception, in service, in banquets, in the kitchen and later concentrate on administration and accounting advising guests optimally in all matters serving food and drinks perfectly developing marketing measures and conducting sales talks planning and calculating events and personnel deployment as well as insights into the accounting of a hotel You bring with you: Preferably one Good secondary school leaving certificate Good German and appropriate English skills (spoken and written) Exercise in using MS Office programs Open to new things and the courage to make mistakes from time to time Flexibility is high on your list of personal skills Communicative and high quality standards You have a strong willingness to help, initiative and independence. A quick grasp and good learning ability round off your profile. We look forward to receiving your complete application documents!	Businessman - hotel management	None	2023-03-07 16:07:36.299000
