7574	10179	Apprenticeship as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) Start September 1st, 2023	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Apprenticeship as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) Start 01.09.2023 Benefits E-learning platform for trainees Guaranteed takeover for trainees Capital-forming benefits Employees and family & friends rate in our hotels Maritim Academy Corporate benefits Employees & trainee events Employee restaurant Deine Tasks Start of training September 1st, 2023 Training in à la carte service, banquet service, room service, breakfast service, hotel bar and catering Training in the field of F&B, drinks buffet, purchasing, kitchen You will also learn how to plan, organize and carry out events In-house training suitable for the training Apply for an apprenticeship as a restaurant specialist (m/f/d) and learn from the best in the Maritim Hotel. As part of our international team, you will experience the diverse and varied activities of the hotel industry. Our dual training, our experienced trainers and the Maritim Academy will make you a successful specialist. Look forward to great trainee and team events, as well as a secure job with a job offer! Your profile Secondary school leaving certificate Well-groomed appearance Good manners Good knowledge of German and English Resilience and flexibility Willingness to fulfill guest requests Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and are already looking forward to your application.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:04.967000
