8802	11407	Apprentice technical product designer m/f/d	OHRMANN Montagetechnik has been realizing special machines for demanding assembly tasks for more than 30 years. Innovative strength, high technical standards and entrepreneurial spirit characterize our family business with around 170 employees. We are the market leader in the field of seal assembly. Our customers can be found in all areas of industrial series production, such as the automotive and electrical industry, domestic and medical technology.

EXPERTISE IN FEED AND INSTALLATION OF GASKETS

Apprentice technical product designer m/f/d

Your tasks:
Technical product designers (m/f/d) are employed in our company in mechanical construction. You are involved in the development of systems and machines and support designers and engineers in product development.

As a technical product designer (m/f/d) you create models and drawings for assemblies and components. You will also prepare functional and production-oriented individual part drawings, parts lists, documents for production and documentation. With a little experience, you will later construct variants and adjustments.

In addition to mastering the 3D CAD program used, you will also acquire extensive knowledge in the areas during the training period
Manufacturing technology, joining and assembly technology as well as control and electrical engineering.
Your profile:
You like working on the computer and are creative. You have above-average spatial awareness and are interested in the technical functioning of machines and systems.

Our requirements of you:

- Main or middle school leaving certificate, possibly (technical) high school diploma
- Good spatial imagination
- Good knowledge of math and physics
- ability to work in a team
Our range:
Be there from the start!
At Ohrmann you can expect a well-founded and modern apprenticeship in a hidden champion in mechanical engineering with first-class future prospects. As an apprentice at Ohrmann Montagetechnik, you are fully integrated into the operational process from day one. We offer you optimal framework conditions for your training. Our experienced trainers will accompany you through to the final exam.

Is an apprenticeship at Ohrmann GmbH just right for you? Then we look forward to seeing you, because we are regularly looking for young talent for the challenges of tomorrow.

Your complete application documents should contain:

- Letter of application
- Curriculum vitae in tabular form and, if applicable, photograph
- Copies of the last two school reports
- Internship certificates
Ohrmann GmbH
Mrs. Tanja Beringer
bewerbung@ohrmann.de
02924 97 14 128	Technical product designer - machine and plant construction.	None	2023-03-07 16:08:35.673000
