8432	11037	Apprenticeship as a restaurant and event service specialist (m/f/d) from August 2023	When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of comfortable beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of cozy beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: This 3-year apprenticeship offers you extensive specialist knowledge in the service and event area. You will advise and entertain our holiday guests in the buffet restaurant or at the bar You will plan, organize and carry out events You will gain insight into our goods receipt and kitchen If you wish, you can also specialize through additional qualifications during your training. What you bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - it doesn't matter to us whether it's a secondary school leaving certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur You enjoy dealing with people directly You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 20% on the local transport ticket monthly Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA Resorts, HENRI Hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card ? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Warnem端nde Zur Promenade 2 18119 Rostock-Warnem端nde Ms?Carmen Radermacher Personnel Coordinator +49 (0) 381 - 202 71 2556 personal.warnemuende@aja .de www.aja.de	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:50.301000
