8929	11534	Apprenticeship as a mechatronics engineer	Mahr is a global group of companies with its headquarters in Göttingen, whose name is traditionally associated with the terms production metrology, quality and innovation. With 1,900 employees, the Mahr Group is the world's largest family business in the measurement technology sector.

Whether the lens of a mobile phone camera, the camshaft of an engine or an artificial hip joint - measuring devices from Mahr document the quality of the most diverse products of their customers and verify research and development results.

The synergies from our research activities have proven themselves in the world of highly sensitive precision systems and high-tech synthetic fiber technology. Therefore, the companies of the Mahr Group are not only of regional importance as important employers and clients at the respective locations but also point the way for technical and economic progress in almost all areas of the capital and production goods industry.

We invest a lot in company training and offer you varied work in an innovative company with technologically advanced products and attractive, family-friendly working conditions.

Do you want to be part of this team? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents with cover letter, CV, references and internship certificates.

Mahr is an internationally oriented, successful family company in the field of dimensional production metrology. Our range of services is characterized by a wide range of devices of the highest precision and reliability, high-precision mechanics and innovative electronics and software. Due to diversification, precision gear pumps for polymer production, dosing systems and high-precision ball guides are also part of our manufacturing program.

Apprenticeship as a mechatronics engineer

Your tasks:
Mechatronics technician:

- weld sheet metal, pipes and profiles
- build plug-in units, housings and switchgear combinations
- select methods and measuring devices, estimate measuring errors and set up measuring devices
- wire assemblies and devices in different ways according to documents and samples
- install and configure networks and bus systems
- construct electrical and fluidic circuits according to given problems
- attach protective devices, shielding, cladding and insulation
- Check control, regulation and monitoring devices and set control parameters
- put mechatronic systems into operation and carry out functional tests
Your profile:
You've come to the right place if you have an understanding of physics and mathematics. In addition to a good degree from secondary school or (technical) high school, you have logical thinking and spatial imagination and fine motor skills. Sociability, a confident demeanor and the ability to work independently round off your profile.
Our range:
We invest a lot in company training and offer you varied work in an innovative company with technologically advanced products and attractive, family-friendly working conditions.

Do you want to be part of this team? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents with cover letter, CV, references and internship certificates.

Please use our online form for your application.

Apply now!

Contact

Mahr GmbH Goettingen
Sabine Schlueer
Carl-Mahr-Str. 1
D-37073 Goettingen
Email: job@mahr.de

Mahr Ltd
Ms. Sabine Schlueer
Sabine.Schluuer@mahr.de
0551 70730	mechatronics technician	None	2023-03-07 16:08:51.179000
