9840	12445	Apprenticeship as train traffic controller 2023 (f/m/d)	As of September 1st, 2023 we are looking for you for the 3-year apprenticeship
to:to the railwayman:in in the train traffic control (dispatcher:in)
(f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Ansbach location. The vocational school is
themselves in Nuremberg.


During your training you sit in one of the numerous control centers of the
Bahn (called: "Signal box") and learn the following activities: You
observe and control with technical support, e.g. B. in the form of
Screens or scoreboards, the train traffic, so that the trains
drive the right way. You decide when the trains stop and run
or should overtake. You serve and set points as well
Light signals and thus influence the train traffic. Over and beyond
Are you in contact with the engine drivers “over the radio” to inform them via
to inform changes. Your goal is to ensure a safe and
to ensure smooth train traffic.


You work in the Ansbach region on a signal box close to the action.
Here you can see the trains passing you. Train traffic control
usually takes place via levers, push buttons or rotary switches. you are part
a small team.


*What awaits you in your training: *



· You will familiarize yourself with working on a signal box
· Getting to know and operating different interlocking technologies
· The basics of railway operations and how they all work together
stakeholders
· You learn the correct routes (route, points, signals) for trains
set and so z. B. a safe, punctual and smooth
and allow exit from a train station
· Communication and coordination with colleagues in the signal box,
Engine drivers and control centers are part of your everyday work



*Your profile: *



You have (soon) successfully completed school
· Even in demanding situations you keep calm and keep it
overview
· You like to take on responsibility and work with concentration
· Ability to work in a team and reliability characterize you
· You are willing to work in shifts



For this apprenticeship, you will be expected as part of the selection process
aptitude test. You can find out everything about on our careers page
the background, the process and the ideal preparation.	Railway worker - train traffic control	None	2023-03-07 16:10:42.860000
