8114	10719	Apprenticeship as a brewer and maltster (m/f/d)	We are a young hotel business with a modern service concept supported by passionate employees. We are part of the Lindner entrepreneurial family from Arnstorf. We owe the idea for the mk | to the building activity of the group hotels: we wanted to provide our employees with high-quality rooms in a central location for their business trips. We are very pleased that this has resulted in an attractive offer for guests from all over the world. Incidentally, the name mk stands for Mariakirchen. Our Lower Bavarian parent company, the Schlossparkhotel, and the Schlossbräu, our first in-house brewery, are located here on the grounds of Mariakirchen Castle. What awaits you? Training in all technical functions All common work in the production of top- and bottom-fermented beers Maintenance and support for maintenance work Carrying out cleaning and hygiene measures Documentation and compliance with quality parameters Thanks to flat hierarchies, you have the opportunity to work independently and responsibly with us in just a short time can What should you bring? Successfully qualified lower secondary school leaving certificate, completion of secondary school leaving certificate or (technical) high school diploma Good MS Office skills A sense of responsibility and careful working methods Social competence and team spirit as well as initiative and a willingness to learn What do we offer you? A varied apprenticeship with demanding activities Support throughout the entire apprenticeship by your trainer Qualified support within the specialist departments A modern workplace Employee parties (summer party & Christmas party) Free catering in the hotel An interesting remuneration package with extensive social benefits, such as company-owned holiday homes for free use at Christmas and New Year's Eve the family  ? because our hotel is closed there. A safe training with punctual salary payments are a matter of course for us. With over 7,000 employees, we have fair play for everyone in the team A motivated team	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:11.364000
