4002	6607	Apprenticeship office management (m/f/d)	Apprenticeship office management (m/f/d)

Certainly a good start to your career.
Apprenticeship as a clerk in office management (m/f/d) Görlitz

Strengthen the DEKRA Akademie GmbH team at our location in Görlitz for the start of training in 2023.

Tasks

In addition to your chosen focus, you will get to know different commercial functions and internal processes (e.g. reception, secretariat, scheduling)
They deal with organizational and administrative tasks such as:

Internal and external correspondence
Customer care and preparation of seminar offers
Scheduling appointments and preparing meetings
Provision of resources and course material
Creation and maintenance of customer data



qualifications

Secondary school leaving certificate or comparable educational qualification
Good spelling and grammar skills
Pronounced understanding of numbers and logical thinking skills
Safe handling of relevant office software, especially for word processing, spreadsheets, mail, telephone systems
Excellent organizational skills and teamwork
High reliability and willingness to learn

Safety begins with me at DEKRA - that's why you can also rely on us as an employer and we ensure safety in your life. In addition to optimal training by experienced colleagues and a company pension scheme, you will have the opportunity to work independently and take on responsibility at an early stage. We offer you exciting areas of responsibility and invest in your individual further development.
We see ourselves as a global partner for a safe and sustainable world. DEKRA has been one of the world's leading expert organizations for safety on the road, at work and at home for almost 100 years. That is why we, with 47,770 employees in 60 countries, work every day. DEKRA Akademie GmbH is one of the largest private training companies in Germany and offers customers from business, the public sector and private individuals a product portfolio ranging from a one-day seminar to multi-year retraining and company-specific further training on safety-related topics rich in topics. Do you also want to make a contribution to the safety of people when dealing with technology and the environment with your work? Become part of the DEKRA family!

If you have any questions, please contact us with the job ID DE50651952-01:
Mr. Udo Hertel +49 3581 42996-0
DEKRA Academy GmbH	Businessman - office management	None	2023-03-07 15:58:45.617000
