2044	4649	Apprenticeship 2023 - Clerk for insurance and financial investments (m/f/d)	The car is scratched, the house is under water or the mobile phone has been stolen.
As the largest insurer in Germany, we support our customers in all situations: uncomplicated, fast and solution-oriented.

Be there - secure your place now for the apprenticeship as an insurance and financial investment clerk and actively help shape the insurance world of tomorrow! Allianz in Germany offers you the unique opportunity to develop yourself and your personality in an exciting, modern environment.

Become part of the world's leading insurance company and experience the diverse and dynamic insurance business during your training. As a sustainable company, we pay particular attention to you, our environment and our common future.

We already offer you security today through permanent employment after the training with good performance and appearance. Let's care for tomorrow!

We expect you...

... independent participation in the day-to-day business of the company (including carrying out risk analyses, processing customer applications and managing contracts, checking damage reports and claims for benefits)

... modern IT applications and your own iPad to provide you with the best possible support in your training

... a multi-week assignment at one of the many Allianz agencies in Germany, in which you support our field service and thus strengthen your consulting and sales skills

... a varied and interesting job in different departments, so that you get an exciting insight into our insurance products and services

... the opportunity to train you individually to promote your professional and personal development (LinkedIn Learning, telephony qualification, agile projects, and much more.)

You bring that with you...

... your personality
... general/subject-related higher education entrance qualification or intermediate school leaving certificate
... ability to work in a team, reliability and openness in dealing with customers and colleagues
... empathy and communication skills
... organizational skills and commitment to implement projects creatively and on your own initiative

We offer:


 -
Permanent employment after the training with a good demeanor and good company and school performance

 - Attractive training allowance: 1st year of training EUR 1,170, 2nd year of training EUR 1,245, 3rd year of training EUR 1,330 (collective agreement of the private insurance industry) plus holiday and Christmas bonuses and profit-sharing

 - €40 capital-forming benefits per month

 - €25 travel allowance per month

 - 30 days vacation per year

 - Company pension and health insurance

 - weekly working time of 38 hours

 - the opportunity to work on the go in certain training phases, in consultation with your supervisor

Are you in? We look forward to receiving your application with your CV and certificates.	Merchant - insurance and financial investments	None	2023-03-07 15:54:44.493000
