7542	10147	Apprenticeship as a specialist for restaurants and event catering in the Käfer-Schänke (m/f/d)	The gourmet restaurant Käfer-Schänke with an open kitchen concept is located on the first floor of the Käfer headquarters on Prinzregentenstraße in the heart of Munich and combines enjoyment with well-being in a relaxed atmosphere. Up to 150 guests are spoiled with creative and sensual dishes from the restaurant by our two chefs Michael Emmerz and André Wöhner and their team. The twelve individually furnished parlors with space for another two to 30 people are often used for various events such as birthdays, weddings, company events and business lunches. WHERE YOU WORK The gourmet restaurant ?Käfer-Schänke? is on the first floor of the Käfer headquarters on Prinzregentenstraße in the heart of Munich. Up to 150 guests are spoiled with creative and sensual dishes in the relaxed atmosphere of the restaurant. The twelve individually furnished parlors with space for another two to 80 people are often used for various events such as birthdays, weddings, company events and business lunches. Would you like to get started and bring your talents to Käfer with TRAINING TO BECOME A SPECIALIST for restaurants and event catering in the Käfer Schänke (m/f/d) from February 1st and September 1st, 2023? WHAT IT'S ABOUT You work in a first-class restaurant and learn to give our discerning guests top-quality advice. You will make professional service preparations, such as the stylish setting of tables, and learn tricks that will make everyday life in the catering trade easier for you. You plan and oversee events in our premises and take a look behind the scenes of everyday restaurant life, such as in the areas of office organization and banquets. You will acquire broad knowledge in the areas of food, beverages, service and menus. WHAT WE OFFER Top trainers and trainee supervisors accompany and support you during your training. In addition, the Käfer Academy organizes courses and workshops so that you are optimally prepared for the exam. You will receive above industry average pay, free lunch and many other benefits. The complete takeover of the 365 euro ticket from the MVV enables you to travel sustainably. You can exchange ideas with other trainees at regular meetings. Many great experiences await you on excursions, e.g. to Paris, and joint sports and team events. In your daily work, you are guaranteed to experience a great deal and collect a variety of impressions that you will look back on fondly. We guarantee you will be taken on if you show convincing commitment in the company and school. WHAT YOU BRING WITH YOU You have successfully completed your schooling and have ideally already been able to gain initial experience in gastronomy. You are enthusiastic about high-quality food and bring with you a fascination for the world of beverages. You are happy to meet people with different ideas and requirements on a daily basis and are able to respond to them individually. You enjoy planning work processes carefully and then implementing them together in a team. Even when things get hectic, you always keep a cool head and convince with your courteous behavior. GET LIKED? THEN WE LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR APPLICATION via our online application form. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us by phone on +49 89 4168 465. Anna Skrandies Advisor Education and Training	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:01.029000
