8113	10718	Apprenticeship as hotel manager with additional qualification (m/f/d)	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Apprenticeship as a hotel manager with additional qualification (m/f/d) Benefits Apprentices Events Corporate benefits Parking spaces Capital-forming benefits Company pension scheme Career development Mentor system E-learning platform for apprentices Your tasks Pass through the areas of housekeeping, service (bar, breakfast, etc.) during your 3-year apprenticeship la carte and banquet), reception, reservation, accounting and events office in the largest hotel in Baden-Württemberg Learn how to plan, organize and carry out the tasks in the respective area Learn how to deal with guests and how to design the guest experience Get an initial insight into the diversity, the development and management of teams Start of training: August 28, 2023 Your profile A high school diploma is a prerequisite for this training You enjoy using foreign languages ​​You enjoy working with guests and enjoy working in a team You are a communication -, organizational and sales talent You enjoy working with numbers You have a high degree of willingness to learn and enthusiasm Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and we look forward to receiving your application.	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:11.243000
