7640	10245	Apprentice cook (f/m/d)	The Parkklinik Wiesbaden Schlangenbad is a private acute clinic for full and partial inpatient mental and psychosomatic health, which offers comprehensive medical and psychotherapeutic treatment according to a special treatment concept in the sophisticated and extremely attractive ambience of a former star hotel. The Oberberg Parkklinik Wiesbaden Schlangenbad is a private acute clinic for full and partial inpatient mental and psychosomatic health, which offers comprehensive medical and psychotherapeutic treatment according to a special treatment concept in the sophisticated and extremely attractive ambience of a former star hotel. To strengthen our team, we are looking for an apprentice cook (f/m/d) on August 1st, 2023 Location: Oberberg Parkklinik Wiesbaden Schlangenbad, Rheingauer Straße 47, 65388 Schlangenbad Employment: Full-time, limited, with option to be taken on Entry date: August 1st, 2023 Yours Tasks Preparing food from fresh, high-quality food Cooking at a high level Creative arranging of food Your profile Successful school graduation Passionate about the training as a chef Enjoys handling food Safe knowledge of German, good manners and a neat appearance Guest-oriented thinking Willingness to weekend and Holiday work Our offer Versatile and attractive training with the opportunity to support the team at an early stage and to prove yourself through small projects. Optimal support from our trainers (f/m/d) during the entire training period. Dynamic, positive and appreciative environment in the pleasant private clinic ambience of a former star hotel. Discounts from various providers as part of our corporate benefits program. Free provision of coffee and cold drinks. Healthy and high-quality cuisine at a reasonable employee price. Are you interested? We look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application (complete and complete curriculum vitae, evidence of all training, further education and training, complete employer references, etc.). . For more information about the Oberberg Group and our specialist clinics, please visit our website at www.oberbergkliniken.de. Oberberg Parkklinik Wiesbaden Schlangenbad HR Department Stephanie Rieser Rheingauer Straße 47 65388 Schlangenbad Mail: karriere@oberbergkliniken.de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:13.074000
