7630	10235	Apprentice event manager (m/f/d)	LIVE FULLY! ! But what does that actually mean? At Marriott there are no limits to your professional and personal development with 8,000 hotels from 30 different brands in 139 countries. Become part of the world's number 1 in the hospitality industry with the Frankfurt Marriott Hotel and be inspired by the diverse possibilities of the future. Benefit from numerous employee benefits in the areas of personal and professional development, health and appreciation. The Frankfurt Marriott Hotel is located directly opposite the Frankfurt Trade Fair and, as a trade fair and conference hotel, welcomes business travelers from all walks of life every day. An international team of 250 employees from more than 40 nations ensures that guests feel comfortable in the "Great Room", the 24-hour business center, in the three restaurants and in a total of 593 rooms. The 23 newly renovated conference rooms, including a ballroom with an area of ​​774 m², a large window front and the latest conference technology, offer a wide range of design options for unforgettable events. 24 different areas - 1 team! We look forward to receiving your application. TRAINEE EVENT MANAGER (M/F/D)   Frankfurt Marriott Hotel       Live Fully ? Bring out the best in you, together with us! With us you will learn everything about the event industry from scratch and you will be part of the team from day one! The internationality and individuality of the hotel industry inspired you as a child? Then it's time to make your dream come true - the Frankfurt Marriott Hotel is the perfect address for this. From banqueting services to event sales, we enable you to get to know all areas that are important for your career in events. With us you are not ? only Trainee but a full team member who creates unforgettable moments together with the team. We would like to support you on your way and open the gates to the #1 in the hospitality industry. Become part of the highest hotel in Germany in the heart of the Main metropolis. Become part of the Frankfurt Marriott Hotel and surpass yourself with us! Your role in our team     With us you will learn everything you need to know and you will go through all the stations in the area of ​​event management to get to know the profession in which you would like to make a career after your training   You will find out which departments you will get to know one year in advance ? so the anticipation increases all the more! Our team will teach you what you need to know to further develop your skills as a sales talent? It doesn't matter whether it's event planning, event organization or customer acquisition & support    Your working week is as varied as your job, two days a week you are at school and three days with us    We are proud of our trainees and we show it! That is why we enable our trainees in their second year of training to take part in the national ?Trainee Conference? Participate in our Marriott Group and get to know other houses, trainees, general managers and HR managers? the perfect time to make contacts for later! We want you to experience something! That's why we give you the opportunity to take part in the trainee exchange (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) in the first year of your apprenticeship and to get to know our sister hotels as part of a two-week program     That's what we want from you :       First thing first: You want to make your dream come true and your career start in the international hotel industry   You want to develop yourself anew every day & that together with a team that is at your side     You have your high school diploma in your pocket and ideally you have already been able to get to know the gastronomy or hotel industry     Your professional & communicative way distinguishes you out of ? whether in German or English     Would you like a little more? Fair & plannable working time regulation through time recording accurate to the minute? the roster is given two weeks in advance   A familiar and diverse team from many nationalities with flat hierarchies and different areas of expertise, in which people support each other and learn from each other   Do you need accommodation to start? With our staff accommodation we make it easier for you to get started   We want you to grow with us ? That's why we support you in your development and offer individual opportunities for advancement. The first impression counts, which is why we offer a targeted on-boarding program. The ?We? Celebrating feelings with employee & team building events We take care of your business outfit with free uniform and cleaning Holiday & Christmas bonuses as well	Event manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:11.837000
