8121	10726	Apprenticeship as a hotel specialist: woman from summer 2023	Apprenticeship as a hotel specialist: woman from summer 2023 at Vorbrück GmbH & Co KG - ANDERS Hotel | softgarden View job here Apprenticeship as a hotel specialist: woman from summer 2023 full-time Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 11, 29664 Walsrode, Germany Without professional experience 11/02/22 Facts about the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode? perfect location between Hamburg, Hanover and Bremen at the Walsroder Dreieck? 75 modern, comfortable rooms in the 3* category - also available as 3-/4-bed rooms ? 13 function rooms and the event hall Courage ? our experience restaurant ANDERS on two floors with the terrace under the maxi umbrella - children's ANDERland and play ship ?Wilde Lucy? ? Events in the area of ​​conferences, weddings, family & company celebrations THAT'S WE: At the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode with its spacious conference center and the extraordinary "Experience? Restaurant ANDERS" we live for encounters with guests. With our cheerful warmth, lively minds, colorful ideas and good mood, our diverse team makes this DIFFERENCE tangible. This makes guests and, of course, employees feel equally comfortable. How does the training as a hotel specialist work? Aspiring hotel professionals usually complete a three-year dual apprenticeship. This means that you spend the theoretical part in the vocational school and the practical phases in the training company. You attend vocational school once or twice a week. Here you have regular school lessons and do not have to go to your training company. The practical phases are completed in the training company. You pass through several departments such as the front office ? better known as reception?, the kitchen or the restaurant. How many areas you get to know always depends on the size of the hotel. What kind of guy do I have to be to be a hotel manager | to become a hotel manager? Organizational talent:  At the reception you have to do different tasks at the same time: the phone rings, someone wants to check in and another guest puts his luggage in the trunk. As a hotel manager, you know who's turn is and when, so you set priorities. Maker:  Be it cleaning up the rooms or helping with the food preparation? you put work orders directly into practice and support your colleagues. Entertainer: The care of the guests makes up a large part of the training. You answer questions, give recommendations or tell something about the history of the hotel. You are always polite and accommodating. What can you expect from us? ? certified as an ?Excellent training company? ? we are a ?fair job hotel?, that means we stick to all the rules! ? digital time recording because we don't like to see overtime? an AZUBI app to write your report book? sponsorship program ? Trainee spokesman choice? Regular training courses by our trainers or external experts? Excursions to asparagus farms, ostrich farms, breweries ? Trainee days: all trainees plan a day together from A-Z for friends, family and colleagues? Exam preparation offer e.g. test cooking, room check, preparation of an offer, guest-oriented discussion? a DIFFERENT experience? corporate benefits ? Fitness, hotels, adventure restaurant ANDERS and much more? Financial advantages for you such as company pension schemes and capital-forming benefits? a five day week? free weekends are possible? Exchange with fellow hotels ? a really cool team ? a friendly and fair management ? Further training in many areas ? internal celebrations among colleagues ? Employee catering in the restaurant? like our guests! ? if you perform well, you will also receive a TAKEOVER GUARANTEE after your training! And now? Would you like to shape the hotel world of tomorrow with us and really make a difference? Then apply. We are looking forward to your application. Apply online Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by softgarden	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.223000
