8827	11432	Apprenticeship as a cutting machine operator (m/f/d)	SMS group GmbH is an international plant and mechanical engineering company for the processing of steel and non-ferrous metals. We belong to the SMS group, which generates sales of over EUR 2.9 billion with around 14,000 employees worldwide. The Weiss Foundation is the sole owner of Holding SMS GmbH. The performance-oriented corporate culture of a strong family business and global presence are good reasons to shape the future with us.

At our location in Mönchengladbach, we offer qualified school leavers a special opportunity: vocational training in 2023

Apprenticeship as a cutting machine operator (m/f/d)

Your tasks::

Obtaining the necessary qualifications for programming, operating and monitoring milling and turning machines, boring machines and CNC machines, applying the skills and knowledge learned in the manufacture of complicated components made of different materials

Planning and controlling work processes, checking and evaluating work results

In addition, we offer workshops, in-house courses and well-founded exam preparation.
Your profile::

- Interest in computer-aided mechanical manufacturing processes
- Spatial imagination
- Ability to work in a team / flexibility
- Diligence and perseverance
- Understanding of technical/functional relationships
You have made good progress in your school education. • You enjoy learning. Now you want to further develop your skills and put them on a solid footing. An apprenticeship at SMS group is the right step.
Our range::
Our graduates often achieve above-average degrees • We offer particularly qualified applicants additional further training opportunities.
Miscellaneous:
We expressly welcome applications from severely disabled people.

We look forward to receiving your application!

SMS group GmbH
Mario Schoelzel
Moenchengladbach
Ohlerkirchweg 66
41069 / Moenchengladbach
mario.schoelzel@sms-group.com
+4921613501445	Cutting machine operator	None	2023-03-07 16:08:38.727000
