8211	10816	Apprenticeship in hotel management with additional European qualification. Hotel management (m/f/d) 2023	Welcome to the Lerch Worlds of Pleasure! Are you looking for a place where you have the feeling ?I fit in here?? Then you are exactly right with us! For us, the focus is on the employee, because only satisfied and motivated employees ensure satisfied and happy guests. Therefore, it goes without saying that we encourage and challenge our employees and trainees and of course also offer them something. Are you wondering who the Lerch Worlds of Pleasure actually are? The Lerch Worlds of Pleasure include: Parkhotel Jordanbad - 4-star hotel with steak restaurant Feuerstein in Biberach an der Riss. Panoramahotel Oberjoch - 4-star superior hotel with alpine chalets and alpine lodges in Oberjoch, the highest mountain village in Germany. The Weitblick Allgäu - 4-star hotel with a fantastic mountain panorama in Marktoberdorf. Hotel Sommer - 4-star hotel directly on the Forggensee in Füssen. You can find more detailed information about our individual hotels on our homepage https://lerch-glück.de Would you like to discover the hotel from A to Z, love to organize it and learn how to inspire guests? School requirements: At least intermediate school leaving certificate & willingness to learn a second foreign language Duration of training: 3 years, reduction to 2.5 years possible Training stations: You will go through all departments of the hotel, i.e. service, reception, reservations, housekeeping and kitchen. You also support special projects, such as the trainee day. What you bring with you: Guest and service orientation Enjoy working with people Interest in business contexts Quick comprehension and organizational skills Very good linguistic ability Training allowance (gross): 1st year? 1,000 2nd year ? 1,100 3rd year ? 1,200 Further training: Hotel & gastronomy management (Bachelor of Arts) Certified hotel manager Certified hotel business administrator What we offer you: We offer our trainees first-class training. Far beyond the standard. We also offer you a variety of benefits, here is just a small insight: Regular training? After all, you never learn from trainee events? Welcome days or incentive tours, it never gets boring with us. 50 every month? Value in kind - redeemable at over 250 partners vocational school: Immenstadt	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:23.224000
