8830	11435	Apprenticeship as a technical product designer (m/f/d)	SMS group GmbH is an international plant and mechanical engineering company for the processing of steel and non-ferrous metals. We belong to the SMS group, which generates sales of over EUR 2.9 billion with around 14,000 employees worldwide. The Weiss Foundation is the sole owner of Holding SMS GmbH. The performance-oriented corporate culture of a strong family business and global presence are good reasons to shape the future with us.

At our location in Mönchengladbach, we offer qualified school leavers a special opportunity: vocational training in 2023

Apprenticeship as a technical product designer (m/f/d)

Your tasks::

Obtaining the necessary qualifications both in the technical training office and in construction, computer-aided construction on 3D systems

Basic skills and knowledge of metal working and processing as part of an internship as well as knowledge of hydraulics, pneumatics, control and electrical engineering

In addition, we offer manual training and deepening of PC knowledge as well as well-founded exam preparation
Your profile::

- Good spatial imagination and confidence in pictorial design
- Understanding of technical relationships
- Conscientious and precise way of working
- Ability to work in a team and deal with conflict
You have made good progress in your school education. • You enjoy learning. Now you want to further develop your skills and put them on a solid footing. An apprenticeship at SMS group is the right step.
Our range::
Our graduates often achieve above-average degrees • We offer particularly qualified applicants the additional option of studying for a Bachelor of Engineering.

We expressly welcome applications from severely disabled people.

We look forward to receiving your application!

SMS group GmbH
Mr Tom Friday
Moenchengladbach
Ohlerkirchweg 66
41069 Moenchengladbach
tom.freitag@sms-group.com
+49 2161 350 1905	Technical product designer - machine and plant construction.	None	2023-03-07 16:08:39.096000
