7676	10281	Apprenticeship hotel specialist (m/f/d)	Come to Bad Saarow at the Scharmutzelsee! Right outside the gates of Berlin, but far away from everyday life. In the middle of a green park landscape and perfect for your work-life balance. There are plenty of leisure activities here. Here is also the only 5* superior golf course in Germany. And you can enjoy cosmopolitan flair in the exciting capital. Your Bad Saarow: Lunch break that tastes like vacation! You deserve it. Afterwards we continue. You look forward to it, even if it can get stressful. Just a moment to get some fresh air and relax. you think about yesterday Been on the bike at the Scharmutzelsee with two other vacationers. Leaves rustled in the wind. Feet cooled in crystal clear water. head free again. After work a short time in the a-spa. A few guests recognized you and greeted you warmly. Campus next week. experience something new. Just don't stand still. That's why you really want to play golf soon. And to go shopping in Berlin. It can go on like this! Finally graduated and an office job is out of the question? Do you want to work with people, earn your first money right away and take the first step towards the big, wide world? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for people with a heart who enjoy making others happy. Do your training as a hotel specialist (m/f/d) with us and we will enable you to start your tourism career. What comes next? the sky is the limit! Your future tasks: During your 3-year apprenticeship, you will get to know various departments with us, including: Reception, reservations, guest relations, service, event planning and many more. With this varied apprenticeship, you can subsequently choose which department you would like to work in. What you bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - it doesn't matter to us whether it's a secondary school diploma, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur You enjoy dealing directly with people You're a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training Inexpensive, modern and well-equipped accommodation with kitchen and bathroom 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you are always up to date You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Bad Saarow Ms?Manuela Baschin Administration Clerk Am Golf Course 2 15526 Bad Saarow +49 (0) 33631 402 2556 verwaltung.bad-saarow@aja .de www.aja.de	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:17.475000
