7763	10368	Apprenticeships in aja Grömitz	Woken up in the morning by the sound of the Baltic Sea and rocked to sleep in the evening! That's our groemitz. We welcome our guests to our comfortable hotel in one of the most popular lidos in Germany, right on the beach promenade. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Finally graduated and an office job is out of the question? Do you want to work with people, earn your first money right away and take the first step towards the big, wide world? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for people with a heart who enjoy making others happy. Do your training with us in aja Grömitz and we will enable you to start your tourism career. What comes next? the sky is the limit! Your apprenticeships with us: Hotel manager (m/f/d) Specialist for gastronomy (m/f/d) Cook (m/f/d) You bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - whether it is a secondary school certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur is not important to us You enjoy dealing directly with people You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training A cost-effective, modern and Well-equipped 1-room apartment with kitchen and bathroom 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and with other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you are always up to date You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact aja Grömitz Am Strande 35 23743 Grömitz Ms. Patricia Jansen Administration Grömitz +49 (0) 456 250 99 2556 verwaltung.groemitz@ajaresorts.de www.aja .de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:28.134000
