7769	10374	Apprenticeships in aja Warnemünde	When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of comfortable beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnemünde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Finally graduated and an office job is out of the question? Do you want to work with people, earn your first money right away and take the first step towards the big, wide world? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for people with a heart who enjoy making others happy. Do your training with us in aja Warnemünde and we will enable you to start your tourism career. What comes next? the sky is the limit! Your apprenticeships with us: Hotel specialist (m/f/d) Specialist for gastronomy (m/f/d) Specialist for restaurants and event gastronomy (m/f/d) You bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - whether it is a secondary school certificate , middle school or high school is not important to us You enjoy dealing directly with people You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 20% on the local transport ticket monthly Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact aja Warnemünde Zur Promenade 2 18119 Rostock-Warnemünde Ms. Carmen Radermacher Personnel Coordinator +49 (0) 381 - 202 71 2556 personal.warnemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:28.863000
