8233	10838	Apprenticeship as hotel specialist (m/f/d) from August 2023	Contemporary Hanseatic serenity on the Elbe: The Louis C. Jacob is a hotel for people who don't really like hotels. A private hotel with excellent, personal service? located on Hamburg's famous Elbchaussee, with a wide view over the river and 84 luxurious rooms and suites. Gourmets appreciate the creations from Thomas Martin's kitchen, wine connoisseurs appreciate the bottles from the legendary wine cellar. Friends of the vision love our world-famous lime tree terrace, immortalized by Max Liebermann. Above all, however, it is the 143 employees who take care of the well-being of the guests and make their stay unforgettable. When our guests felt like they were staying with friends, we are happy. - Gourmet restaurant ?Jacobs Restaurant? (awarded 2 Michelin stars and 17 points in Gault Millau) - Kleines Jacob wine bar - Six event rooms - Private art collection with over 500 originals - Hotel's own barge "MS Jacob" Our 5-star Hotel Louis C. Jacob is a real piece of Hamburg, which is located on the Elbchaussee. For 230 years, the Jacob has stood for joie de vivre, enjoyment and social gatherings. We preserve this special attitude to life and adapt it to today's needs. To do this, we need personalities who enjoy inspiring our guests with unforgettable and distinctive experiences. For us, being a host is not a job but a calling. We are cordial, traditional, authentic and always focused on the guest. If your image of hospitality matches ours and you are also a good team player, we look forward to receiving your application. Your tasks Are you looking for a job with variety? Do you like to be on the move and do you like it when things are turbulent around you? Do you want to work with people in your job? Do you want your professional career to enable you to go abroad? Then you are right with us! With this 3-year apprenticeship in the following areas, you will lay the foundation for your successful career in the hotel industry: Hotel reception Guest relations Service Event planning Purchasing and much more. Your profile a well-groomed appearance and good manners a positive charisma no problem working on weekends or public holidays able to communicate and work in a team We offer qualified training in a certified training company good chances of being taken on after the training Your free time is important to us: 5-day Week with detailed time recording Discounted job ticket for public transport with employer allowance Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Deliver to yours today think about tomorrow - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date. You recommend us and we will reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? We look forward to our team events with you Your daily well-being is taken care of in our staff restaurant If required, accommodation in one of our staff apartments Contact Hotel Louis C. Jacob Ms. Ronja Schroeder Elbchaussee 401-403 22609 Hamburg Tel: 040 82255511 E-mail: personalbuero@hotel -jacob.de www.hotel-jacob.de	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:25.908000
