7476	10081	Apprenticeships in aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen	Your workplace in Garmisch-Partenkirchen is in a top location. Here one postcard backdrop follows the next: Whether the idyllic Eibsee or the Zugspitze - Upper Bavaria has wonderful views in store. And the market town itself has a lot to offer: strolling through the center of Garmisch or the historic Ludwigstraße in Partenkirchen, the ski jump or just the view of Germany's highest mountain. Garmisch-Partenkirchen has a lot in store for a balanced end of the day with colleagues. And happy guests and great colleagues await you in your aja. The perfect work-life balance! Finally graduated and an office job is out of the question? Do you want to work with people, earn your first money right away and take the first step towards the big, wide world? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for people with a heart who enjoy making others happy. Do your training with us in aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen and we will enable you to start your tourism career. What comes next? the sky is the limit! Your apprenticeships with us: Hotel manager (m/f/d) Specialist for gastronomy (m/f/d) Cook (m/f/d) You bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - whether it is a secondary school certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur is not important to us You enjoy dealing directly with people You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training A cost-effective, modern and Well-equipped 1-room apartment with kitchen and bathroom 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and with other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you are always up to date You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen Ms.?Evelyn Baumann Administrative Assistant Olympiastraße 30 82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen +49 (0) 8821 8209-2556 verwaltung.garmisch-partenkirchen @aja.de www.aja.de	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:05:52.955000
