7632	10237	Apprenticeships in aja Ruhpolding	Come to picturesque Ruhpolding in the Bavarian Alps. Live and work in untouched mountain nature, discover the Alps in summer for hiking and in winter for cross-country skiing in your free time. Make the holiday unforgettable for our guests! Then come back as friends. Your Ruhpolding: Get some fresh air and relax a bit. Watch the sun rise over the mountains. Simply put one foot in front of the other and climb the unique mountain panorama of the Bavarian Alps. A gentle breeze blows and you enjoy the unique view. Your day off in Ruhpolding could look something like this. And the next time you look forward to your job at the a-ja, to great colleagues and happy guests. Finally graduated and an office job is out of the question? Do you want to work with people, earn your first money right away and take the first step towards the big, wide world? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for people with a heart who enjoy making others happy. Do your training with us in aja Ruhpolding and we will enable you to start your tourism career. What comes next? the sky is the limit! Your apprenticeships with us: Hotel manager (m/f/d) Specialist for gastronomy (m/f/d) Cook (m/f/d) You bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - whether it is a secondary school certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur is not important to us You enjoy dealing directly with people You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training A cost-effective, modern and Well-equipped accommodation with kitchen and bathroom 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Today already think about your tomorrow - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date You recommend us and we will reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Ruhpolding Zell 2 83324 Ruhpolding Ms. Stefanie Holzner Administration +49 (0) 8663 417302556 verwaltung.ruhpolding@aja.de www.aja.de	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:06:12.084000
