7533	10138	Apprentice kitchen specialist (f/m/d)	The ATLANTIC Hotel Galopprennbahn in the 4-star category impresses with a panoramic view of the Bremen Galopprennbahn. The modern furnishings of the rooms, the friendly staff, the DERBY restaurant and a sauna and fitness area ensure that you feel completely at ease. In addition, business and private events can be staged according to your wishes. The ATLANTIC Hotels Group comprises 18 hotels in the 4 and 5 star segment under the brand names ATLANTIC Hotels, Severin*s Hotels and unique by ATLANTIC Hotels The ATLANTIC Hotel Galopprennbahn is looking for a trainee kitchen specialist (f/m /d). Why actually ATLANTIC? 1,000.00 ? Starting bonus and an above-tariff remuneration from the 2nd year of apprenticeship Night, Sunday and public holiday surcharges Own godfather (f/m/d) on the side Two guaranteed technical or personal training courses per year as well as accompanied exam preparation A takeover guarantee and very good Career opportunities in an expanding company Team spirit is very important, not only at work, but also at events such as Christmas parties and summer festivals ATLANTIC benefits such as pension schemes, company sports to choose from with the two largest providers ?Hansefit? and ?Qualitrain? with a huge range of sports and leisure activities for only ? 20.00 per month as your own contribution An open company with a hands-on culture, mutual respect, appreciation and regular feedback discussions What can you expect in the hotel kitchen? 2-year vocational training with the possibility of further qualification Introductory days including a welcome seminar Practice-oriented learning of all the basics of kitchen basics Production, preparation and creative presentation of dishes A guarantee of employment and very good career opportunities in an expanding company What do we wish for? A school-leaving certificate Craftsmanship and creativity Enjoying handling food Friendliness and open-mindedness Flexibility, commitment and reliability Enjoying teamwork Your contact For further information, you are welcome to visit our careers page (Jobs at ATLANTIC Hotels in Germany and Austria (atlantic-hotels.de )) or visit us on Instagram (@atlantichotelscareers) (@atlantichotels). Do you find yourself in our job description and have we aroused your interest? Perfect, then we look forward to receiving your application, gladly by e-mail in PDF format to: bewerbung@atlantic-hotels.de Do you have any questions in advance? Feel free to contact us at: +49 421 944888574. We look forward to meeting you!	Specialist - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:05:59.918000
