8202	10807	Apprenticeship as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d)	Apprenticeship as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) Apprenticeship as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) full-time Without professional experience Remagen Hotel & Gaststätten immediately For our unique à la carte & event - Restaurant directly at the Rolandsbogen with daily fresh, regional and seasonal cuisine (opening hours: Wednesday to Sunday from 12:00 p.m.) we are looking for a / n from March 2023: Apprentice as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/ d) Are you looking for a change in sophisticated gastronomy, in front of a fantastic backdrop and with a dynamic team? Then apply now to us! Learn with us in three years: Working independently in all areas such as restaurant, bar and kitchen You will become the perfect host: Reception, placement and advising our guests Compliance with the service standards from à la carte, banquet to demi service Event planning, Sales and implementation Compliance with quality standards and hygiene or HACCP guidelines What you bring with you: Ideally completed school education Pronounced interest in upscale gastronomy and the handling of high-quality food Enjoying dealing with people and working in a team Independent working methods the basis of resilience and flexibility Good manners and an attractive appearance What we offer you: One to two-day ?taster days? in advance are possible An attractive training allowance with graduation from the 1st to the 3rd Year of training Possibility of being taken on after successful training at Rolandsbogen or the other restaurants and hotels in the Invite Group (with appropriate, demonstrably good learning success) Countless opportunities for professional and personal development within the Invite Group or the associated restaurants and hotels A large number of benefits within the extended group of companies such as membership in Visiolife About us: The view from Rolandsbogen is overwhelmingly beautiful, like a perfect theater backdrop. In the year 1040, when the place first entered history as a place, such feelings were probably rather foreign to the people. Archbishop Friedrich I of Cologne found the place ideal for building a protective castle here in 1122. Rolandseck Castle, together with Drachenfels and Wolkenburg Castles, served the Electorate of Cologne to secure its southern border. The castle was temporarily inhabited by the archbishops of Cologne. After the fighting in the Middle Ages, the castle fell into disrepair. In 1673 the last walls collapsed in an earthquake. Only the arched window, the Roland Arch, remained standing and became a symbol of Rhine Romanticism. You can find more information on our website! Targeted team Professional onboarding Career development Apply now! We look forward to receiving your application with a CV and relevant copies of certificates. A cover letter is not prohibited, but not mandatory. Not the right position advertised? We still want to get to know you? simply apply proactively! Because we are always looking for committed people for our teams and look forward to finding the right job for you with us. There are many entry opportunities! If you have any questions before or about your application, please feel free to contact us by phone. Laura Scheifgen Human Resources Manager + 49 228 4334 2111 Follow us on Any questions? Just call: +49 228 4334 2111	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:22.130000
