7958	10563	Apprenticeships in A-ROSA Sylt	The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and encouraged in your job at the same time? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the A-ROSA Sylt to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge their batteries. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our house. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen our large A-ROSA team. You would like to do your training at A-ROSA Sylt. Then apply now for our diverse apprenticeships. Your apprenticeships with us: Hotel specialist (m/f/d) Sports and fitness clerk (m/f/d) Specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) Specialist for gastronomy (m /f/d) Chef / cook (m/f/d) Your profile Completed secondary school certificate, middle school leaving certificate or Abitur A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you can convey to your guests and your colleagues High level of initiative and ambition The willingness, also on weekends and to work on public holidays A sincere guest and service orientation Ability to communicate and work in a team What we offer Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being hired after the training Inexpensive, modern and well-equipped accommodation with a kitchen, bathroom and terrace or balcony Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed: With our support you save 25 ? with the NAH.SH job ticket You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Working with friends ? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Your daily well-being is taken care of in our staff restaurant Contact A-ROSA Sylt Listlandstraße 11 25992 List/Sylt Ms. Julia Puck Human Resources Administrator +49 4651 967 50 782 bildung.sylt@a-rosa.de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:52.184000
