8091	10696	Apprenticeship as a hotel specialist (m/f/d)	The monastery inn of the Premonstratensian monastery in Roggenburg The monastery inn in Roggenburg with a 3*** superior hotel, dining room, ballroom and outdoor dining area offers good Swabian and upscale cuisine based on the philosophy ?For body and soul? under the crook is good living?. In addition, the monastery inn supplies the neighboring educational center for family, environment and culture and acts as a caterer for the festive events in the baroque rooms of the monastery. Family celebrations, weddings, seminars, conferences and cultural events take place in the guest rooms. The Klostergasthof Roggenburg with a 3*** superior hotel, restaurant and outdoor gastronomy offers apprenticeships as a hotel specialist (m/f/d) from September 1st, 2023. Hotel professionals go through all areas of a hotel. You look after the guests from arrival to departure and coordinate the guests' wishes in all areas. You will learn how to manage a hotel cash register, monitor booking platforms, create offers, organize events and conferences and get to know various marketing measures. In addition, hotel professionals learn how to deal with channel management and revenue management. The coordination of housekeeping and the breakfast service as well as the planning of personnel deployment are further training fields. Duration of training: 3 years, apprenticeship time can be reduced. We expect: a completed school education good social skills a motivated and independent basic attitude, flexibility and commitment We offer: a good and secure training position interesting and comprehensive training in a special place in the various training departments of the monastery inn and hotel. The focus of the training is on looking after guests, managing a hotel cash register, monitoring the booking platforms, preparing offers, organizing events and conferences, as well as Dealing with channel management and revenue management. Promotion of personal development through trainee workshops and comprehensive training with the training center and the monastery. Are you open-minded, friendly and communicative and would you like to learn a future-proof service profession? Then we look forward to receiving your application.	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:08.558000
