8832	11437	Apprenticeship as IT specialist (m/f/d)	SMS group GmbH is an international plant and mechanical engineering company for the processing of steel and non-ferrous metals. We belong to the SMS group, which generates sales of over EUR 2.9 billion with around 14,000 employees worldwide. The Weiss Foundation is the sole owner of Holding SMS GmbH. The performance-oriented corporate culture of a strong family business and global presence are good reasons to shape the future with us.

At our Hilchenbach location, we offer qualified school leavers a special opportunity: vocational training in 2023

Apprenticeship as IT specialist (m/f/d)

Your tasks::

Practical training in departments such as:

IT service, IT application development, specialist departments that include the design and implementation of complex information and telecommunications technology systems. Networked systems are installed and networked independently and faults are rectified through the use of expert and diagnostic systems

Presenting system solutions and advising and training users is just as much a part of the tasks as the methodical use of project management tools. Working on the project is part of the final practical exam.

You develop skills based on practical tasks • Study trips, excursions and seminars supplement what you have learned
Your profile::

- Analytical skills
- ability to abstract
- Persistence and willingness to learn
- communication skills
- Ability to work in a team and deal with conflict
- Interest in business topics
You have made good progress in your school education. • You enjoy learning. Now you want to further develop your skills and put them on a solid footing. An apprenticeship at SMS group is the right step.
Our range::
Our graduates often achieve above-average degrees • We offer particularly qualified applicants the additional option of studying for a Bachelor in Business Administration
Miscellaneous::
We expressly welcome applications from severely disabled people.

We look forward to receiving your application!

SMS group GmbH
Mr Ludger Thomas
Hilchenbach
Wiesenstr. 30
57271 Hichenbach
ludger.thomas@sms-group.com
+49 2161 350-2171	IT specialist - system integration	None	2023-03-07 16:08:39.340000
