8066	10671	Apprenticeship as hotel specialist (m/f/d) 2023	Welcome to the Lerch Worlds of Pleasure! Are you looking for a place where you have the feeling ?I fit in here?? Then you are exactly right with us! For us, the focus is on the employee, because only satisfied and motivated employees ensure satisfied and happy guests. Therefore, it goes without saying that we encourage and challenge our employees and trainees and of course also offer them something. Are you wondering who the Lerch Worlds of Pleasure actually are? The Lerch Worlds of Pleasure include: Parkhotel Jordanbad - 4-star hotel with steak restaurant Feuerstein in Biberach an der Riss. Panoramahotel Oberjoch - 4-star superior hotel with alpine chalets and alpine lodges in Oberjoch, the highest mountain village in Germany. The Weitblick Allgäu - 4-star hotel with a fantastic mountain panorama in Marktoberdorf. Hotel Sommer - 4-star hotel directly on the Forggensee in Füssen. You can find more detailed information about our individual hotels on our homepage https://lerch-glück.de Would you like to discover the hotel from A to Z & learn how to inspire guests? School requirements: At least a high school diploma Duration of training: 3 years, reduction to 2.5 years possible with Abitur What you bring with you: Service orientation Open nature Enjoy working with a wide variety of people Quick comprehension and organizational skills Very good written and linguistic expression Training stations: You will pass through all departments in the hotel, these are service, reception, reservation, housekeeping and kitchen. Training allowance (gross): 1st year ? 1,000 2nd year ? 1,100 3rd year ? 1,200 What we offer you: We offer our trainees first-class training. Far beyond the standard. We also offer you a variety of benefits, here is just a small insight: Regular training? After all, you never learn from trainee events? Welcome days or incentive tours, it never gets boring with us. 50 every month? Value in kind - Redeemable at over 250 partners Further training opportunities: Additional European qualification. Hotel management Certified hotel or restaurant manager Certified hotel business administrator Vocational school: Immenstadt	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:05.504000
