8381	10986	Apprenticeship as a hotel specialist (m/f/d) from August 2023	The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and encouraged in your job at the same time? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to our resort to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen our large A-ROSA team. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now for your apprenticeship as a hotel specialist (m/f/d)! Your tasks Would you like to lay the foundation for a successful career in the hotel industry? Then you are right with us! With this comprehensive 3-year apprenticeship, you will become an all-round talent for: Reception Guest relations Commercial service Floristry Kitchen service Event planning Marketing After your apprenticeship, you have the choice in which area you would like to continue your career later. Your profile Lower secondary school leaving certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you can convey to your guests and colleagues High level of initiative and ambition Willingness to work on weekends and public holidays A sincere guest and service orientation Ability to communicate and work in a team Our Offer Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being hired after the training Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the hotel Louis C. Jacob, in the Hotel NEPTUN and with other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Working with friends ? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being A cost-effective, modern and well-equipped accommodation with a kitchen, bathroom and terrace or balcony Contact A-ROSA Sylt Listlandstraße 11 25992 List/Sylt Ms. Julia Puck HR clerk + 49 4651 967 50 782 bildung.sylt@a-rosa.de	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:44.046000
