3591	6196	Architectural draftsman, technical draftsman - CAD building control technology	Beckhoff Automation is one of the world's leading specialists for automation and control technology. As an owner-managed family business, we have been implementing innovative automation systems based on PC-based control technology since 1980. Today, with around 5,000 employees around the world, we generate sales of over EUR 1.182 billion. Our unique corporate culture is characterized by a family atmosphere and offers plenty of freedom to implement your own ideas. This ensures a high level of satisfaction and a lot of fun at work. Anyone who decides to work with Beckhoff often stays with us for the rest of their professional lives. We are looking for reinforcements for our company headquarters in Verl.
Architectural draftsman (m/f/d) as CAD specialist
Creation of floor plans as well as recording and documentation of the building control system
Maintenance of existing and inclusion of new surface data in ArchiCAD
Creation of reports, e.g. B. by space users for internal space accounting
Unification of drawings in inventory in terms of representation (model representation), override and renovation filters, layer and level structure, blocks (grouping), symbols, etc.
Merging of CAD building plans
Further development of drawing standards (including template file)
 
Successfully completed training as a draftsman for architecture, draftsman for civil engineering or comparable training
First professional experience in the field of in-house building planning and building structures
Knowledge of using ArchiCad and administration of drawing databases
Safe handling of Microsoft Office programs, especially Excel
Very good knowledge of spoken and written German
Knowledge of CAFM systems
Ability to work in a team and systematic, flexible and accurate way of working
Enjoys internal and external communication and collaboration
 
Exciting tasks in an international high-tech company with plenty of scope for innovative ideas and professional development
an open and family-oriented corporate culture with flat hierarchies and a first-name culture
a future-proof job in an economically sound and owner-managed family business
an attractive salary, 30 days vacation, subsidies for company pension schemes in excess of the legal requirements, capital-forming benefits as well as holiday and Christmas bonuses
the possibility of compensating overtime with free time or having it paid out with a fair surcharge
Modern working time models (including flextime)	Engineer - Construction	None	2023-03-07 15:57:54.993000
