6212	8817	Area manager (m/f/d) technical sales field service large	They are eagerly awaited Legrand GmbH is the largest German subsidiary of the listed Legrand Group with its headquarters in Limoges, France. As a global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructure, Legrand GmbH Soest is responsible for sales and support for all product groups and brands in Germany. Due to the introduction of new product lines, we are on course for growth and need personalities like you. We are looking for a regional manager (m/f/d) for the greater Saxony-Anhalt, northern Brandenburg, eastern Lower Saxony area. Your tasks will be to support and advise our customers from the electrical trade in coordination with the electrical wholesale trade and specialist trade and specialist planners, supported by a strong CRM system and the internal sales force Establishment and expansion of the customer network in the sales area at all decision-making levels, customer classification and determination of potential as well as ensuring customer satisfaction Establishment of the Legrand Group brands, expansion of the market share in the area and ensuring sales, earnings and cost targets Planning and implementation of sales promotions, campaigns, events and presentations Implementation of the sales strategy and systematic determination of market information Your profile Completed vocational training as an electrician or comparable training First experience in sales in in the electrical industry Communicative personality with good presentation skills, good technical understanding and enthusiasm for active sales IT user skills and an understanding of modern media are advantageous Your perspective An interesting and varied job in an international company Induction in close cooperation with the responsible sales managers (training on the job), product training and regular specialist further training Unlimited employment contract, company car for unlimited private use, laptop and smartphone, performance-related basic salary according to the IG Metall tariff and attractive bonus scheme, company pension scheme and social benefits of a modern industrial company (e.g. B. Health offers) We promote professional equality for women and men. We look forward to receiving your application. Send us your comprehensive application documents with certificates and your income expectations to our HR department, also by email. Legrand GmbH Am Silberg 14 59494 Soest Ms. Elena Fischer Tel. (0 29 21) 104-230 personal.werbungen legrand.de www.legrand.de	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:18.391000
