6013	8618	Article: Advisor:in	Article Consultant in You are strong in communication, flexible and agility is more than a buzzword for you. Welcome, you suit us As a provider of qualification and consulting services, we meet the challenges of our customers with a wide range of specialist knowledge and our ability to provide individual and tailor-made solutions find. Our competence comes from understanding the system, the teams, the people and the technology of our railway. We build bridges with you on the important topics & trends Corporate Management Digitization and Innovation Management Employability and Diagnostics International Business Quality and Lean Management Service and Communication Skills Transformation and Leadership As a qualification provider and consultant, our view is holistic. In our thoughts and actions, we therefore start with our customers and trainees. From the business areas to the passenger on the train, they all benefit from our services. For this we are on the road every day with over 100 internal consultants and learning companions. And that's why we're looking for you. We're looking for you as a motivated consultant in the area of ​​Consulting & Business Skills at DB Training, Learning & Consulting nationwide. Depending on the topic cluster, you have a university degree in the following areas of business administration, (business) education, industrial engineering, business informatics, social sciences, psychology, human resource management or natural sciences or engineering. Relevant professional experience in complex subject areas and in (agile) project work Experience with change processes and in conducting training courses and workshops A qualification as a Scrum Master or agile coach as well as professional experience in agile project management Experience with change processes and in conducting training courses and workshops Very Good knowledge of MS Office 365 as well as English, both spoken and written Entrepreneurial thinking and acting as well as a strong strategic and conceptual expertise and analytical skills High level of personal commitment and responsibility High customer and service orientation, which is reflected i.a. very good communication and presentation skills reflect the ability to work in a team and conflict as well as a high stress tolerance Temporary customer appointments & project assignments also at other locations to suit your flexibility End of expander content In return you will receive a standard market, tariff-based remuneration with attractive fringe benefits for exciting projects and tasks one of the most diverse employers in the country opportunities for further training support in the search for daycare places or holiday care for your children the opportunity to take time off to care for relatives or sabbaticals flexible working time models end of the expander content further information links	Key-Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:53.901000
