7821	10426	Assistant (m/f/d) to the management	09247 Chemnitz from March 15, 2023 full-time - 40 hours/week | Usually 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. | flexible according to duty schedule | Monday - Friday (5-day week) company catering In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: As an assistant to the management in the company restaurant, you will provide valuable support in almost all areas! That means you get involved in the preparation of hot and cold dishes and make sure that they are presented in an appealing way. From meal planning and calculation to ordering: Your inventory management is also in good hands. Not to forget: You take on administrative tasks and quality assurance and ensure that everything runs smoothly. What if your boss is on vacation or sick? You are of course on the spot and represent just as reliably as competently. Our ingredients for you: Sunday and public holiday bonuses Holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminar offers Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours , according to the duty roster with a 5-day week This will give us a taste: Completed kitchen-related training (e.g. cook or further training as a hotel manager or a comparable qualification) Experience in communal catering, if necessary in a similar position (not a MUST!) Basic knowledge of merchandise management and business administration plus ideally confident handling of common application programs (MS Office) Dedicated, communicative and sociable personality, who writes service BIG, works quickly and cooperatively and has the talent to remain friendly and polite in every situation Whether you have professional experience or whether Are you fresh out of school or a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! Gladly stating your earliest possible starting date and salary expectations. You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Mr. Feig Tel. 0151 41477704 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 069048	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:35.365000
