1437	4042	Assistant / stand-in assistant (m/f/d) for a law firm	We are now looking for direct placement in permanent employment:

Assistant / stand-in assistant (m/f/d) for a law firm in 80331 Munich!

With offices, e.g. in Munich, San Francisco, Madrid, and cooperations around the globe, our client belongs to one of the largest law firms in the world.

This position offers you a lot of variety, as you get to know a lot in different teams. You can develop internally and then switch to a permanent team.

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

• All incidental assistance tasks in a law firm including IP
• Telephone and written contact with clients, lawyers and colleagues
• Support of different teams
• Reception
• Postal Administration

Your profile:

• Training preferably as a paralegal, but also commercial assistants, office workers with good to very good English or assistants with experience in the field of law firms – also in the field of translation
• Relevant professional experience as an assistant is an advantage

This is very important to our customer:

• Openness, friendliness and patience are among your basic qualities. You enjoy dealing with a wide variety of people and cultures.

Onboarding & Flight Altitude:

As a new team member, you will receive the support of experienced colleagues from day one to quickly reach flight altitude.
You will be introduced to your new tasks with a lot of support.

After onboarding, you will take on tasks independently and in a team. You can always discuss more complex topics directly with more experienced colleagues.

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Telephone interviews and job interviews can also take place after work

We are your reliable recruiter who will accompany you through the entire application process.

The modern and stress-free way to find a new job.

We place our applicants directly in a permanent position, free of charge and discreetly.

All job advertisements are always aimed at male, female and diverse applicants, regardless of age, gender, origin, sexual orientation, disability, religion and ideology.
Applicants are selected solely on the basis of their qualifications.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!	paralegal	We, NEYC Consulting, are your empathetic and solution-oriented personnel consultancy. For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions. We develop successful recruitment solutions for our customers and support companies from various industries in their search for the right employees.
We are actively looking for the dream job for our applicants. Applicant management is free, discreet and anonymous. Apply to our open vacancies or send an unsolicited application.	2023-03-07 15:53:29.728000
