8536	11141	Assistant doctor in further training oncology (m/f/d)	The Sophien- und Hufeland-Klinikum gGmbH, academic teaching hospital of the University Hospital Jena, fulfills regional and national care tasks as a modern acute hospital with 16 specialist clinics. More than 23,000 inpatients and around 39,000 outpatients make use of the high-quality range of services every year. In the largest evangelical hospital in Thuringia, more than 1,100 qualified employees offer professional support, pastoral care and human attention.

For our clinic for oncology, hematology and palliative care we are looking for a person to start as soon as possible

RESIDENTS IN ONCOLOGY TRAINING (M/F/D)

or specialist (m/f/d) with an interest in palliative medicine or haemato-oncology
Immediately or by appointment full-time or part-time

The prerequisite for completing the specialist training is the existence of the German license to practice medicine.

To expand the staff of the Clinic for Internal Medicine IV, we are looking for team players with an interest in haemato-oncology or palliative medicine, who act pragmatically and problem-oriented and appreciate interdisciplinary cooperation in multi-professional teams consisting of doctors, psychologists, social workers, special therapists and experienced nursing staff.

Due to deliberately flat hierarchies and a family atmosphere, our experienced team guarantees individual familiarization with the general processes and special features of the specialist area.

There is a 30-month advanced training authorization for internal medicine and hematology and oncology as well as a full advanced training authorization for palliative medicine (6 months inpatient). Due to the possibility of later rotation to the other internal medicine clinics, all-encompassing further training is offered (a total of 60 months of further training authorization for internal medicine).

The modern clinic on the outskirts of the classic and university city of Weimar, the scenic surroundings and the proximity to the state capital of Thuringia offer all possibilities of individual lifestyle from the rural idyll to modern city life. Kindergartens and all secondary schools are located in the village.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Dr. medical Eberle on the phone no. 03643 57-1200 available.

We look forward to receiving your comprehensive application, preferably online, using the "Apply now" button.
Sophien and Hufeland Clinic gGmbH
Telephone: 03643/ 57-2050
Fax: 03643/ 57-2052
www.klinikum-weimar.de
Apply now > [https://werbung.maxime-media.de/unternehmen/sophien--und-hufeland-klinikum-ggmbh-2535/job/7717]	Doctor	None	2023-03-07 16:08:03.143000
