6181	8786	Assistant doctor in advanced training (m/f/d) - without on-call services	We are looking for a person for the prevention center in Swabia at the Günzburg location as soon as possible

Assistant doctor in advanced training (m/f/d) - without on-call services

full-time, permanent
About Us:
       The prevention center offers needs-based and, above all, low-threshold preventive measures for people with a serious mental illness who have an increased risk of becoming violent. The aim is to prevent violence and thus also serve to protect victims. The prevention center offers space for a maximum of 60 people, is the interface between general psychiatry and the correctional facility and benefits from the expertise of both areas. The multi-professional team at the prevention center mostly works in an outreach and advisory capacity.


       Your main tasks:
They take over the admission, diagnostics and treatment planning and implementation under the supervision of a senior physician.

You are responsible for the preparation of expert opinions in the treatment.

The medical care of patients on a ward based on the family doctor principle is part of your area of ​​responsibility.

They take part in rounds and interdisciplinary case discussions.

You will also take part in supervisions.



        Your advantages:
Interesting and demanding work with a wide range of design options in the border area between psychiatry and the judiciary in a multi-professional, appreciative team

A well-founded induction with comprehensive internal and external training and further education opportunities, as well as opportunities for advancement to "Specialist or Senior Physician (m/f/d)"

You will receive fair remuneration in accordance with TV doctors/VKA as well as attractive additional benefits such as employer-financed pension schemes of currently 4.8%, 32 days of vacation per year and the possibility of additional income through supervised reports in civil and criminal law

A friendly working time model with coherent free time compensation and no on-call services

All clinics for acquiring a specialist in psychiatry and psychotherapy are on site

Opportunity to acquire the specialization "Forensic Psychiatry" and to work scientifically up to a dissertation/Habilitation



        Your profile:
License to practice medicine or a valid professional license

Clinical experience, ideally in the field of psychiatry

Enjoy working in a multi-professional team

Previous knowledge of forensic psychiatry (civil or criminal law) is an advantage but not a requirement

Proof of adequate immune protection against measles in accordance with the currently applicable legal provisions




        About us:
 We take "closer" literally! With modern specialist hospitals, rehabilitation, residential and support facilities, we are also close to you from Lindau to Donauwörth in the Bavarian Swabia area. 5,000 dedicated people have already decided to work together to ensure the professional care and support of our patients and clients.
 Would you also like to seize this opportunity? We are looking forward to meet you!


        Contact:
For questions about the area of ​​responsibility
 Prof. Dr. Manuela Dudeck
 Medical Director
 08221 96-25850

For questions about the application process
 Andrea Wilke
 Service center staff
 08341 72-1067
jobs@ Bezirkskliniken-schwaben.de



       Your application:
We look forward to receiving your online application by March 31, 2023!
 Applications from severely disabled people are accepted
 with equal suitability given priority.

Apply now!	Assistant doctor	None	2023-03-07 16:03:14.602000
