7648	10253	Assistant Restaurant Manager (d/w/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 50969 Köln SV Business Catering GmbH Available full-time and part-time Assistant Restaurant Manager (d/f/m) Well, fancy a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! What drives you Management and motivation of the subordinate employees Ensuring smooth operations Operating the cash register and preparing daily accounts Representing the restaurant manager in his absence Ensuring guest satisfaction What you bring Completed training in gastronomy is an advantage First management experience is an advantage German level C1: Independent use of the language guest - and service-oriented with an eye for detail Organizational talent, independent and clean working methods Your advantages with us Performance-related remuneration Regulated working hours, weekends off Free employee catering We provide and clean the work clothes High product quality in modernly equipped companies Holiday and Christmas bonus Your place of work In the SV restaurant of ours Together with your 12-strong team, you and your 12-strong team spoil customers in Cologne with a wide range of offers every day: varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks from morning to night as well as a sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. You work from Monday to Friday, from 6.30 a.m. to 2.30 p.m. or 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m., depending on the roster. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Anna Le Cunff, HR Recruiter	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:06:14.049000
