6306	8911	Assistant (m/f/d) Secretariat of the Vice President	Opportunities through education" is the motto of the Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences (Frankfurt UAS). Internationality, diversity and social responsibility are her values. It sees itself as an institution of lifelong learning and as an innovative development partner for the region. Our more than 15,500 students and 970 employees in teaching, research and central service units are its designers.

For professional administrative support
the Vice President for Research, Continuing Education and Transfer
is in the Presidential Department of the Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences
to fill the following permanent position as soon as possible:

Employee (m/f/d) secretariat
the Vice-President (full-time workload 100% = 40 hrs/wk)
Reference number: 015/2023

Your tasks:

Development of the doctorate in the subject area of ​​the Institute for Aviation & Tourism Management;
participation in research projects;
Creation of scientific reports / project reports / publications / documentation; Creation of research proposals;
Teaching obligation 2 semester hours per week;
supervision of bachelor and master theses;
Coordination with internal and external stakeholders.

Your profile:

Completed vocational training in public administration or in the commercial sector;
very good MS Office application knowledge;
Affinity for using different IT programs is desirable;
Very good verbal and written skills in German and English (at least B2);
independent, precise and result-oriented way of working;
strong ability to work in a team, high resilience and flexibility;
high service orientation, loyalty and discretion;
Distinctive organizational talent with a high understanding of prioritization.

We offer:

Interesting tasks with design options in a dynamic and
varied work environment;
good induction and regular feedback as well as an open and friendly working atmosphere;
attractive training and development opportunities;
appropriate earning potential (annual special payment) and others
attractive social benefits (trust-based working hours, state ticket for Hesse,
Company pension scheme (VBL), capital-forming benefits);
Secure job in the service of the state of Hesse and compatibility of family and work;
an extensive range of university events on society, culture and sport.

The classification is based on salary group 9a TV Hessen.


The university advocates equal rights for women and men. people with
Disabilities are given preference in the case of equal personal and professional qualifications. As the bearer of
With the "Family-Friendly University" certificate, the university takes your individual family needs into account
Situation in the organization of your working hours, especially in the context of a return to work
a family phase/parental leave. In principle, part-time employment is possible.

We attach great importance to the protection of your personal data. We are therefore informing you in accordance with the relevant data protection regulations about the collection, processing and use of your data as part of your application. The information on the general data protection regulations of the Frankfurt UAS can be viewed at: https://www.frankfurt-university.de/index.php?id=5184

Do you have questions about this position?
Please contact Mrs. Dipl.-Kffr. Anna Arsova-Odrich, Head of the Presidential Department
and personal assistant to the President
(Email: arsova-odrich@hsl.fra-uas.de; Tel.: 069 1533-2421).

Applications with the usual meaningful documents are requested by 19.03.2023 by e-mail, stating the reference number, to: bewerbungen@hr.fra-uas.de (please send all documents in one PDF file) or by post (please send documents only in copy and not in folders, as these will not be returned) requested to:

Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences
human resources and human resource development
Nibelungenplatz 1,
60318 Frankfurt am Main

www.frankfurt-university.de

Strengthens knowledge through practice	secretary	None	2023-03-07 16:03:29.848000
