7791	10396	Assistant F&B Manager (m/w/d)	The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and encouraged in your job at the same time? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the resorts to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen the large A-ROSA team. A-ROSA ? Really mine. If you want to reach your goal successfully, you need a signpost. For us, this guide is a set of behavioral principles that regulate the daily interaction in our company. They are our promise to each other, to our guests and to everyone who works with A-ROSA. Every A-ROSA employee feels committed to these principles and implements them with passion. Through trust, transparency and professionalism, they enable their teams to achieve great results. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Apply now! Your tasks You ensure smooth operations in all gastronomic outlets, the kitchen and the banquet area in compliance with A-ROSA standards. You carry out buffet and restaurant checks in terms of quality, cleanliness and standards. You record and control the daily F&B sales. You monitor the use and movement of goods in the KOST merchandise management system. Assist in preparing the monthly inventory. You actively participate in the innovative further development of the F&B offer, taking into account health-oriented and sustainable aspects. You help with the programming of the matrix registers and the article maintenance. You will support staff development and promotion in the F&B area. You conduct training courses in your specialist area. You actively contribute to team building and employee motivation. You will help with the creation of duty rosters and holiday planning in the area of ​​F&B service as well as with entering the actual times in our duty roster program. You work on other projects independently. You actively offer the guests the products of the house. You convey the A-ROSA holiday feeling to our guests at all times. Your profile Completed gastronomic training and/or a degree (focus on business administration or hotel management) as well as several years of professional and initial management experience A high level of professional competence A representative and motivating management style A sincere guest and service orientation A structured, quality-conscious and responsible way of working A high analytical level and strategic thinking ability, commitment and organizational talent, communication and teamwork skills. Our offer Island bonus up to 1,000 ? (gross, for full-time and employment of at least eight months) A permanent employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A -ROSA Resorts, aja Resorts, HENRI Hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer. In case of short-term needs, a Bonago-Card for childcare? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Our staff canteen will take care of your daily well-being. Inexpensive, modern and well-equipped accommodation with a kitchen, bathroom and ter	Food-and-Beverage-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:31.571000
