9442	12047	Automation engineer (f/m/d)	If you want to implement interesting and challenging projects together with us and an attractive and varied one
are looking for a job, you've come to the right place at Brunel. You build with us
Cross-industry expertise and thus qualify on one
broad basis, industry-independent and flexible for further career paths.
Apply today as an automation engineer / automation technician and discover the
Diversity of engineering.

Job description:

- As an automation technician, you will independently work on various projects in an industrial environment.
- You will develop control software and carry out optimizations.
- You will also support our customers on site during commissioning and are available internally as a competent contact person.

Your profile:

- You have successfully completed your studies in the field of electrical engineering, automation technology or successfully completed technical training with professional experience
- Ideally, you have already gained initial professional experience in programming and commissioning
- Willingness to travel and communication skills complete your profile

We offer:
Working at Brunel means diversity - from a medium-sized company
via Hidden Champion to the DAX group; whether road, ship, rail, air or
Space; traditional or innovative; from development to completion
Product; national or international; from the novice to the experienced
Professional. We offer you countless possibilities, the technological
Helping to shape progress, and all this with a single employer.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - automation technology	As one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic, we have stood for first-class project solutions across the entire spectrum of modern engineering and IT for over 20 years. In the automotive and mobility, life sciences, renewable energies as well as IT and digitization sectors, we ensure the sustainable success of our customers along the entire process chain - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:54.171000
