8848	11453	Bachelor of Engineering	Mahr is a global group of companies with its headquarters in Göttingen, whose name is traditionally associated with the terms production metrology, quality and innovation. With 1,900 employees, the Mahr Group is the world's largest family business in the measurement technology sector.

Whether the lens of a mobile phone camera, the camshaft of an engine or an artificial hip joint - measuring devices from Mahr document the quality of the most diverse products of their customers and verify research and development results.

The synergies from our research activities have proven themselves in the world of highly sensitive precision systems and high-tech synthetic fiber technology. Therefore, the companies of the Mahr Group are not only of regional importance as important employers and clients at the respective locations but also point the way for technical and economic progress in almost all areas of the capital and production goods industry.

We invest a lot in company training and offer you varied work in an innovative company with technologically advanced products and attractive, family-friendly working conditions.

Do you want to be part of this team? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents with cover letter, CV, references and internship certificates.

Mahr is an internationally oriented, successful family company in the field of dimensional production metrology. Our range of services is characterized by a wide range of devices of the highest precision and reliability, high-precision mechanics and innovative electronics and software. Due to diversification, precision gear pumps for polymer production, dosing systems and high-precision ball guides are also part of our manufacturing program.

Bachelor of Engineering

As an internship student, you combine in-company training with a course of study at a university of applied sciences in order to optimally combine practical and theoretical knowledge. We offer the practical course for a Bachelor of Engineering in the fields of precision mechanical engineering and electrical engineering/information technology at the HAWK in Göttingen. Parallel to the basic studies, you will complete the company training as an industrial mechanic or electronics technician for devices and systems in the first two years.

In order to become a student in our practice network, you should meet the following requirements:

- Very good school leaving certificate with advanced mathematical and physical knowledge
- Very good logical thinking skills and spatial imagination
- Great interest in technical tasks
- Research spirit

We invest a lot in company training and offer you varied work in an innovative company with technologically advanced products and attractive, family-friendly working conditions.

Do you want to be part of this team? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents with cover letter, CV, references and internship certificates.

Please use our online form for your application.

Mahr is looking forward to your application:
Please apply at: https://www.mahr.com/de/karriere/jobportal

Contact

Mahr GmbH Goettingen
Sabine Schlueer
Carl-Mahr-Str. 1
D-37073 Goettingen
Email: job@mahr.de

Mahr Ltd
Ms. Sabine Schlueer
Sabine.Schluuer@mahr.de
0551 70730	None	None	2023-03-07 16:08:41.288000
