7651	10256	Baker (m/f/d) for our Heberer at the main station in Eisenach	As the world's largest catering trade, SSP operates sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas in Germany: Burger King, Frittenwerk, KFC, Haferkater, Starbucks, Dean&David, Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. We are the Food Travel Experts and not temporary work! We are looking for you as a baker (m/f/d) for our Heberer at the main station in Eisenach for an unlimited period of time full-time or part-time (by arrangement). Your tasks as a baker (m/f/d) with us: You enjoy preparing baked goods, taking into account the specified baking processes. You value gentle and professional processing. You are involved in the ordering of goods and also take care of proper storage of goods. By keeping your workspace clean and tidy, you ensure things run smoothly. What you bring with you: Corresponding professional experience as a baker or in the food sector with a focus on baked goods forms the basis for your career with us. Quality and hygiene awareness is a matter of course for you. Thanks to your flexibility, shift work (even night shifts) and working on weekends/holidays are no problem for you. We are happy to cater to your individual needs. More than 10 reasons to work with the SSP: Punctual payment according to the collective agreement Holiday bonus Christmas bonus Public holiday bonus Night bonus Reduced staff catering Up to 50% discount throughout Germany in all our other sales outlets Opportunity to participate in our employee share program Employee offers from over 600 well-known providers such as adidas, C&A, Thalia, Rossmann Permanent employment contract and the security of a large company with approx. 3000 employees throughout Germany Comprehensive training and development opportunities Announcement of the roster always 1 month in advance Tell us who you are and when you can start, also via WhatsApp (+49 151 21890076 ). We are looking forward to your application!	Baker	None	2023-03-07 16:06:14.418000
