7553	10158	Bankett Operation Supervisor (m/w/d)	Contemporary Hanseatic serenity on the Elbe: The Louis C. Jacob is a hotel for people who don't really like hotels. A private hotel with excellent, personal service? located on Hamburg's famous Elbchaussee, with a wide view over the river and 84 luxurious rooms and suites. Gourmets appreciate the creations from Thomas Martin's kitchen, wine connoisseurs appreciate the bottles from the legendary wine cellar. Friends of the vision love our world-famous lime tree terrace, immortalized by Max Liebermann. Above all, however, it is the 143 employees who take care of the well-being of the guests and make their stay unforgettable. When our guests felt like they were staying with friends, we are happy. - Gourmet restaurant ?Jacobs Restaurant? (awarded 2 Michelin stars and 17 points in Gault Millau) - Kleines Jacob wine bar - six function rooms - private art collection with over 500 originals - hotel's own barge "MS Jacob" For 230 years, the Jacob has stood for joie de vivre, enjoyment and social gatherings. We preserve this special attitude to life and adapt it to today's needs. To do this, we need personalities who enjoy inspiring our guests with unforgettable and distinctive experiences. For us, being a host is not a job but a calling. We are cordial, traditional, authentic and always focused on the guest. If your image of hospitality matches ours and you are also a good team player, we look forward to receiving your application. Your tasks Responsible for the operational implementation of events Management and supervision of events Coordination and ensuring smooth service and event processes Conducting briefings and assigning employees Close cooperation with the events department and the F&B manager Your profile A completed apprenticeship in the upscale hotel industry is desirable Well-founded professional and management experience in the same or a similar position Host heart with a pronounced attitude to create an unforgettable experience for our guests Confident appearance in dealing with our guests and employees Responsible and used to working independently Team player We offer: A permanent employment contract: We want you you feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording Discounted job ticket for public transport with employer subsidy You, your family and friends can travel to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the Hotel Louis C Jacob, in the Hotel NEPTUN as well as with other partners We are already thinking about your tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers If required, accommodation in one of our staff apartments Contact Hotel Louis C. Jacob Ms. Ronja Schroeder Elbchaussee 401-403 22609 Hamburg 040 82255511 www.hotel-jacob.de personalbuero@hotel-jacob.de	Banquet manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:02.377000
