8370	10975	Bar staff / bartender (m/f/d)	Your workplace in Garmisch-Partenkirchen is in a top location. Here one postcard backdrop follows the next: Whether the idyllic Eibsee or the Zugspitze - Upper Bavaria has wonderful views in store. And the market town itself has a lot to offer: strolling through the center of Garmisch or the historic Ludwigstraße in Partenkirchen, the ski jump or just the view of Germany's highest mountain. Garmisch-Partenkirchen has a lot in store for a balanced end of the day with colleagues. And happy guests and great colleagues await you in your aja. The perfect work-life balance! The most beautiful prospects ahead: aja offers holidays in the best location in the middle of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in summer as well as in winter and not far from the Zugspitze. In the heart of Bavaria, we welcome great guests to our centrally located hotel every day and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You are our host from the heart: Your welcome and farewell to our guests are warm and sincere Coffee and cake in the afternoon, beer and wine in the evening - you enjoy both! Gin Tonic, Sauvignon Blanc or Espresso - the main thing is delicious! You make sure your workspace always looks great! Hygiene and occupational safety are a matter of course for you You bring: Your attitude: shaken but not stirred You enjoy dealing with guests Experience in service or a bar is great, you are also welcome as a career changer An apprenticeship in the hotel industry/gastronomy is not necessary You are responsible and work independently The best mise en place? Good colleagues who support each other! If you know Matrix POS - great! If not, we will teach you everything you need to know. We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for Dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date Want to see something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen Ms?Evelyn Baumann Administrative Assistant Olympiastraße 30 82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen +49 (0) 8821 8209-2556 verwaltung.garmisch-partenkirchen@aja.de www.aja.de	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:42.693000
