8249	10854	Bar Clerk (m/w/d)	The Roomers Baden-Baden, member of the Autograph Collection by Marriott, is part of the Frankfurt Gekko Group. Micky Rosen and Alex Urseanu, the brains behind the group, are ?Hoteliers of the Year? been awarded. With her passion for design and innovation ? and an unbeatable team ? they have created a true masterpiece with the Roomers Baden-Baden. In addition to 130 rooms and suites, as well as an event area for up to 200 people, Baden-Baden is culinary enriched by the pan-Asian restaurant moriki. Night owls get their money's worth in the Roomers Bar, where bar culture is celebrated with the greatest passion. Those who would rather enjoy a real hideaway at Roomers can visit the spa and take advantage of the outdoor activity opportunities in the area. Baden-Baden offers guests and locals a real spot where lifestyle meets relaxation and internationality. Join us and be a part of it: A love for life and the passion to share it. We are looking for employees who want to be part of the big Gekko Family and for whom unreserved hospitality comes from the heart. THAT'S YOU You are an open, communicative person and enjoy dealing with people Successfully completed training in the hotel/gastronomy industry High resilience and efficient working methods Positive basic attitude YOUR NEW JOB Guarantee of a smooth service process Welcoming, seating and serving guests Service-oriented support and professional advice Implementation of the daily mise-en-place WHY ROOMERS Opportunity to participate in in-house training Collaboration in a constantly growing, dynamic and modern company Innovative corporate culture in an owner-managed group Bringing in practicable ideas and suggestions for improvement is desired Development within the company or the group possible Family & Friends Rates in-house or in partner hotels and discounts through access to travel agent portals Special rates for employees and their families in over 7,000 Marriott International, Inc. hotels and there are always exciting new challenges that may also fit into your career planning. If we have aroused your interest, we look forward to receiving your complete application documents (cover letter, curriculum vitae, all relevant certificates) stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date.	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.858000
