8198	10803	Bar Supervisor (m/w/d)	The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and encouraged in your job at the same time? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the resorts to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen the large A-ROSA team. A-ROSA ? Really mine. They are our promise to each other, to our guests and to everyone who works with A-ROSA. Every A-ROSA employee feels committed to these principles and implements them with passion. Through trust, transparency and professionalism, they enable their teams to achieve great results. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now! Your tasks Responsibility for the smooth running of the bar and lounge area Active participation in the creation of drinks menus (recipe and calculation) Advisory function in the selection of drinks and food, taking into account guest needs and guest satisfaction Sales control, implementation of promotional measures Individual coordination of purchasing by arrangement Compliance with the guidelines in the work area You take care of the active preparation of special events Your profile Completed training in the hotel or catering industry and/or relevant professional experience at the bar Enjoy finding out about the development of new cocktail trends on the market A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you can convey to your guests, colleagues and employees High level of expertise that you can pass on to your colleagues A sincere guest and service orientation Ability to communicate and work in a team Creativity and cost awareness High level of initiative and sales talent Our offer A permanent employment contract: We want you You feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and with other partners Are we already thinking about your tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer. In case of short-term needs, a Bonago-Card for childcare? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff canteen will take care of your daily well-being A-ROSA Sylt Listlandstraße 11 25992 List/Sylt Mr. Annas Karnath Personal & Training +49 (0) 465 196 750 783 bewerbung.sylt@a-rosa .de Sounds interesting? Then fulfill your dream of living by the sea! We look forward to hearing from you!	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:21.643000
