8284	10889	Bar employee m/f/d	VIBRANT CITY LOCATION - WITH INSPIRING SURROUNDINGS You rotate non-stop in everyday life. Now you can lean back. You can reach the Pullman Dresden Newa quickly and easily by car and public transport. Set foot in Dresden's modern center - Prager Strasse, the city's most popular shopping boulevard. Your gaze wanders 14 floors up. As soon as your suitcase brushes the lobby floor, you step away from the vibrant surroundings into stylish serenity. Let our 319 rooms and junior suites invite you? and pick up from their timeless style. Particularly pleasant: the short distances to the most important business addresses in the city. In the evening, stroll to the famous old town for a drink: just 800 m on foot and you will experience Dresden from its historical side. WITH US, YOU DECIDE WHERE YOUR JOURNEY GOES! Working where other make vacation? yawn ? the saying has such a beard. Join us on a journey of discovery of all sorts of people and cultures. Where you're part of a team that carries its baggage together and really makes . Where you explore a jungle of inspirational realms. As you can see, diversity is our thing. And Our world is your playground? the slogan does not only apply to our guests. Sure, saving the world can sometimes be exhausting (so can we, by the way - after all, our hearts beat for creating memories). Tired of just selling food? Then you are like us. Let us create an all-round feel-good experience! From the booking to the last smile at check out. For Reisegruppe Neva one thing is clear: fun and performance are not only compatible with each other, but rather reinforce each other. Come as you are. Do what you love. Grow and enjoy. Bar staff (m/f/d) YOUR DESTINATIONS You are a host with heart and soul in all areas of the bar You prepare the bar, keep it clean and check it: everything in its place and enough there? Shake, stir, mix: You provide your guests with drinks from non-alcoholic to alcoholic In addition to the taste explosion, you ensure that they also look really, really good Food is served at our bar - and when the sun is shining even in our Wackerbarth Lounge Looking after your guests at the champagne reception or get-together? Are you a night owl wanting more? Then impress our guests with one of your cocktail courses WHAT YOU HAVE IN HAND LUGGAGE Vocational training as a restaurant manager or hotel manager? Check experience in an equivalent hotel ? Check Independent work? Check You have a knack for guest wishes In the best case you have experience with the MICROS POS system When you tackle it is not as if two people let go You radiate positive energy - which is also reflected in your appearance You speak German and English fluently Means everything in Above all: For you, service is not just an Anglicism, but a matter close to your heart WHAT YOU GET FROM US ON THE JOURNEY A great team that shares its luggage and makes many varied tasks? on a journey that you can help shape The opportunity for further training and to steer in the direction of promotion opportunities A look through the binoculars reveals: With us as a successful, expanding company you have long-term perspectives You no longer have to worry about your journey to work? thanks to the DVB job ticket You will be rewarded for your performance: With the BONAGO Card, you can select your own vouchers You can stay overnight in all ACCOR and EVENT houses worldwide with special conditions and enjoy a 50% F&B discount - with the Carte Bienvenue Arrange the tariff group we personally Katsching: Holiday and Christmas bonus (bound by collective agreement) Bye, partial services? hello, 5-day week with a working time account Does the description suit you like a bedtime treat? Then what are you waiting for? Apply via the link below or directly by email. See you!	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.128000
