8437	11042	Bar Manager (m/w/d)	The DAS ACHENTAL resort is located in the heart of the Chiemgau, between Munich and Salzburg in one of the most beautiful regions in Germany. Whether on the golf course with mountain panorama, in the spacious spa and wellness area or in one of our restaurants and bars - our team convinces our guests with exclusive and at the same time personal service in all areas. Our employees are the most important brand ambassadors. They live DAS ACHENTAL, are passionate hosts, enjoy working in a team and are enthusiastic about our common goal of being one of the best resorts in Bavaria. As an employer, we live appreciation, communication and transparency, are fair, attractive and allow employees to participate in our success, and we develop and recruit talent. Our focus is on the personal and professional development of all employees. We offer diverse career prospects and an attractive working environment. Together we want to achieve a lot. We focus on personality and live diversity. Become part of our team and design DAS ACHENTAL together with us. We offer: Working environment: A job in a region with a very good quality of life and high recreational value. Top quality: in all areas. From breakfast to dinner, we work with many regional producers and organic products Payment: Pay above the collective bargaining agreement, holiday and Christmas bonuses Employee accommodation: Furnished and modernly equipped for the first 6 months of employment Experience for yourself: Attractive accommodation conditions in European partner hotels Perks: In the Corporate Benefits shopping portal Employee restaurant: With a balanced culinary offer and run by trainees. Water, tea and coffee are also freely available Further training: for professional and personal development with an annual budget of up to 1,500 ? per employee Fitness: Free use of the fitness area with modern equipment Golf: From the free introductory course to the discounted DGV license course? from special rates for golf membership, use of the golf course, the golf simulator and other golf facilities to an attractive shopping experience in the Achental Shop with brands such as Bogner, Ralph Lauren and Titleist Work clothing: Exclusive work clothing is provided and cleaned free of charge Team events: Regular events such as the summer festival and Christmas party, employee golf tournament, budget for individual team events Mobility: The hotel's bicycles can be used on request and subject to availability. Your tasks: Our Achental Lounge & Bar, the living room in DAS ACHENTAL, is a place for special moments, special enjoyment, and well-being and drop?s. We are looking for a bar manager (m/f/d) to start as soon as possible. From Chiemgau cocktail creations, full-bodied wines, exquisite whiskey and gin varieties to lemon-ginger sherbet? our bar concept is regional, sustainable and of the highest standard. We offer our guests pure lifestyle for the palate and soul. We are looking for a manager for the bar and his team as soon as possible - with the following tasks: Responsibility for the department and technical and disciplinary management of the bar team Further development and coaching of the team as well as training of new employees Responsibility for personnel deployment planning (duty/holiday plan) Further development of our bar concept and the bar menu Optimization of service processes in compliance with our quality standards Responsibility for ordering goods and inventory Advice and support for our guests at the hotel bar Preparation of drinks, cocktails and snacks Responsible for smooth cooperation with other departments, representing the bar in meetings Your profile: ideally completed training in the hotel or restaurant industry Several years of (management) experience in the same or a comparable position, preferably in top gastronomy or luxury hotels Interest in current bar and beverage trends and excellent knowledge of beverages High quality awareness and service orientation Resilience, flexibility and leadership personality Ability to work in a team and reliability Self-employed and responsible Working methods and organizational skills Open and communicative manner	Bar-Chef/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:50.916000
