8424	11029	Barista (m/w/d)	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/Genussmaker-become These exciting tasks await you: You serve and advise our guests about our creative coffee creations You take orders and prepare coffee specialties, among other things You are responsible for the presentation and take care of replenishing stocks Finally, you will ensure cleanliness and hygiene, especially during the current situation, and ensure a smooth service process. You will inspire us with this: You are interested in gastronomy, especially as a barista (m/f/d) You enjoy dealing directly with our staff Guests For you, service and a happy guest have the highest priority Good manners and a well-groomed appearance are a matter of course for you You work independently, are motivated and keep an overview even in stressful situations You can look forward to this: Extensive barista training A performance-related remuneration of 13, 00?/h Sunday and public holiday surcharges A full-time or part-time job with predictable working hours The prospect of long-term employment A job ticket, a cheap staff restaurant and a selection of free drinks and fruit Numerous benefits such as free tickets for Phantasialand Contact Anabel Vega Granda Phantasialand ? Team Recruitment  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Brühl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	buffet force	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.318000
