7607	10212	Bartender:in (m/w/d)	Bartender:in (m/f/d) Bartender:in (m/f/d) full-time with professional experience Bonn hotel & restaurants immediately The combination of impressive architecture, elegant design and modern lifestyle makes the Kameha Grand Bonn a very special place , where diversion and naturalness meet casual style. TEAM KAMEHA: Unique and united in the passion to provide our guests with incomparable culinary experiences and quality moments, from star gastronomy, a night in the princess suite to a glamorous New Year's Eve gala. For this balancing act of the highest level of craftsmanship and consistently high-quality service to guests and customers, we are looking for suitable personalities with a love of great products and working with and for people, the passion to be great hosts and the enthusiasm to create unforgettable moments in to create a unique setting. Our team is looking for backup:                         Bartender:in (m/f/d) These are your tasks Responsible for the professional preparation and follow-up of the service station Preparation of all drinks Absolute familiarity with all beverage options Professional beverage advice and acceptance of orders and requests Guarantee of order and cleanliness in the bar area Responsible for proper accounting Increase in sales through active sales What you ideally bring: Strong guest orientation Affinity for unique beverage preparation Passion for all tasks at the bar Ability to work in a team and flexibility Communication skills Representation of the bars and the hotel through a positive appearance Hands-on Mentality Very good language skills in German and English What we offer you: Varied and responsible tasks in a growing, modern group of companies A large number of personal development opportunities Attractive and performance-related remuneration A permanent employment contract Numerous benefits within the group of companies (e.g. free Visiolife membership) Employee events About us: LIFE IS GRAND AND SO ARE YOU! Key facts: 130 employees, around 30 trainees, 254 rooms on 5 floors, 11,000 square meters of conference space, four first-class restaurants: Restaurant Next Level, YUNICO* - Japanese Fine Dining, RheinAlm and Stage Bar & Lounge, Green Hotel - our own geothermal system covers 70 percent of heating and cooling requirements, virtual Kameha: https://vr.kamehabonn.de/ Targeted team Professional onboarding Career development Apply now! We look forward to receiving your application with a CV and relevant copies of certificates. A cover letter is not prohibited, but not mandatory. Not the right position advertised? We still want to get to know you? simply apply proactively! Because we are always looking for committed people for our teams and look forward to finding the right job for you with us. There are many entry opportunities! If you have any questions before or about your application, please feel free to contact us by phone. Helen Krause Junior Human Resources Manager +49 228 4334 5941 Follow us on Any questions? Just call: +49 228 4334 5941	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:08.997000
