7493	10098	Bartender (m/f/d) - 35 hour week - Ruby Lilly - Design Hotel	*** At Ruby your personality really matters, your time really matters and we strongly believe we groove way better together. At Ruby we keep breaking new ground. *** Ruby is a rapidly growing hospitality group with existing hotels and workspaces in the most exciting locations in Europe and many other projects under construction. We are breaking new ground with our Lean Luxury philosophy, creating a contemporary and affordable form of luxury. The Ruby Lilly Hotel with 174 high-quality rooms is centrally located on Stiglmaierplatz, in the Maxvorstadt district and thus right in the heart of Munich. The main train station, Königsplatz and Maximiliansplatz are just a few minutes' walk away. The design of the public areas interprets the life of Munich's chic crowd in the 1970s with a wink. You are guaranteed not to get bored with us, because you: Prepare a wide variety of cocktails and other drinks and snacks with a few skillful movements Let your imagination run wild and develop your very own drink creations depending on the season Design the bar menu together with the bar manager according to your taste and season Take on the professional bar training of the employees Use and manage all materials in a cost-conscious manner Take on varied tasks in the service area and reception activities Know what is currently popular and provide the guests with the latest insider tips of the city Look after all guests according to the Ruby philosophy Bist responsible for receiving, checking and clearing goods Get in touch with us if you: have already gained experience in the catering/hotel industry, ideally in the scene catering or lifestyle hotel industry are willing to work in shifts and sometimes take on a night shift appear confident, joie de vivre bring along and humor is not a foreign word to you have fun with international, demanding guests and the ability to respond smartly to different guests and wishes fluent in both German and English That's how we groove: Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby? Your style, your smile, your ideas? Bring your personality to work We prefer to connect via you? May we introduce: Michael, our CEO Better together ? at work, at team events, or just because it's Monday Cause I?m having a good time, having a good time? Less work, same money? For us, full-time means 35 hours and every hour counts LEG? wait for it? DARY Staff Rates ? for you, your travel buddy and your family & friends No more excuses? we support your sports program Money, Money, Money? You are always welcome ? 50% off our F&B No matter how you get to work? there is a mobility grant on top Take it to the next level? secure extra cash through profit sharing, talent scouting and positive reviews Ain?t no mountain high enough? Level up your game ? with Ruby you are aiming high  Innovation is part of our DNA ? Lean luxury, paperless, cashless, ? you name it Not everything, but just the right thing. That is our philosophy: Lean Luxury. For us, luxury means uncomplicated comfort instead of formalities. Inspiring people instead of beautiful facades. Soul and character instead of high-gloss surfaces. For us, slim means not having to pay for anything that you don't need or want. Simply omit the unimportant, consistently. In a hotel in the heart of the city, we don't need a restaurant or room service. For that, we want a casual bar that's open 24/7. We don't need huge rooms, because luxury can also be found in a small area. But we want everything to have its place and the most important thing to work perfectly: be connected, sleep, freshen up. Diversity and being different is important to us, which is why we strive for a team in which the most diverse characters find their place. With us you should be yourself. Everyone brings their own rhythm and melody. This is how our unique groove comes alive. Did we already mention that we love music? We enjoy what we do and don't always take ourselves too seriously. With passion and lifeblood, we offer cost- and style-conscious travelers more than just a bed: the feeling of having arrived where the real heart of the city beats. We are breaking new ground with our Lean Luxury philosophy, in the hotel industry and in other business areas. Therefore, you can expect an exciting, innovative working environment with flat hierarchies and many development opportunities. Join us and make it your own story! If you have any questions, please contact us on +49 89 12 50 952 20 or apply directly online. www.lean-luxury.com Contact person: Julia Kierdorf	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:55.032000
