8190	10795	Beautician in the NIVEA house (m/f/d)	Your workplace in Garmisch-Partenkirchen is in a top location. Here one postcard backdrop follows the next: Whether the idyllic Eibsee or the Zugspitze - Upper Bavaria has wonderful views in store. And the market town itself has a lot to offer: strolling through the center of Garmisch or the historic Ludwigstraße in Partenkirchen, the ski jump or just the view of Germany's highest mountain. Garmisch-Partenkirchen has a lot in store for a balanced end of the day with colleagues. And happy guests and great colleagues await you in your aja. The perfect work-life balance! The most beautiful prospects ahead: aja offers holidays in the best location in the middle of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in summer as well as in winter and not far from the Zugspitze. In the heart of Bavaria, we welcome great guests to our centrally located hotel every day and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You are a skin care expert (m/f/d) and spoil our guests with facial and full body treatments and decorative applications from NIVEA You have a sure instinct and offer relaxing massages You can fully concentrate on your application - the colleagues ( m/f/d) at the spa reception take over your appointment organization and product advice You organize your processes independently and independently You bring along: You enjoy dealing with guests A completed training in the field of cosmetics or comparable further training, e.g. in the field of wellness massages First professional experience as a beautician (m/f/d) You are responsible and work independently You support your colleagues and show full commitment Your attitude: I believe in magic We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program CAMPUS you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen Ms?Evelyn Baumann Administrative Assistant Olympiastraße 30 82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen +49 (0) 8821 8209-2556 verwaltung.garmisch-partenkirchen@aja.de www.aja.de	Beautician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:20.668000
