7287	9892	Beautician (m/f/d) Summer 2023	Welcome to the STOCK team... We will strengthen our team with a beautician (m/f/d) from May 15th, 2023 or by appointment. Your tasks Carrying out professional and classic facial treatments, manicures & pedicures, baths, body treatments, make-up, body peelings, etc. Active guest advice and product sales. Checking or ensuring order, cleanliness, safety and hygiene in your own cabin. Ensuring general order and cleanliness in the entire spa area. Active support of the spa reception in guest care. Your profile Completed specialist training as a state-certified or state-approved beautician. Professional and specialist experience in a comparable position in a similar hotel category would be an advantage. Friendliness and love for the job. Well-groomed appearance. enthusiasm and motivation. Very good communication skills. Fluent knowledge of German and good knowledge of English (other languages ​​an advantage). Knowledge of the products Maria Galland, QMS and Ligne St. Barth would be an advantage. Enjoy working in a dynamic, motivated and dynamic team. Your advantages Secure job in a modern, family-run company. 13th and 14th monthly salary . Regulated working hours with a 5-day week & digital time recording. Participation in the roster through roster requests. no other living expenses due to the free meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner, as well as coffee and cake). unique staff lodge with rooftop pool, sauna, infrared cabin, gym, gambling room, free WiFi access. state-of-the-art rooms and apartments with private bathrooms, TV, cooking facilities, terrace or balcony. Targeted introduction and training through our on-boarding system. Personal training voucher worth €400 per year. an attractive location where you can combine work and leisure. 20% discount on all products and services in the house. 50% discount on overnight stays in all member hotels of the Best Alpine Wellness Hotels. STOCK TEAM Bonus Card with many benefits and discounts throughout the Zillertal. Free charging facilities for electric vehicles. Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to your application to: STOCK*****s resort, Dorf 142, 6292 Finkenberg or by e-mail to	Beautician	None	2023-03-07 16:05:29.876000
