5900	8505	Beauty assistant / cross-entry (m/f/d)	reorientation? An extremely interesting hairdressing job with great prospects: Our Steinhoff hair design salon is right in the heart of Reutlingen. With a team of 15 employees, it is our daily concern to pamper customers from head to toe and to put a satisfied smile on their faces. Sounds normal, but it isn't. We are looking for beauty talents (m/f/d) who can support us in many ways and offer you an exciting and varied position in our salon. An entry is also possible for career changers in the beauty industry (even without hairdressing or beautician training). This is what we offer you: Working with top stylists in an exceptionally beautiful salon A challenging and varied range of tasks for the customer A great team that enjoys working Continuously developing your skills Working with high-quality products from La Biosthétique These are your tasks: Supporting our customers in the Salon, at the reception and on the phone Assistance work in the salon - you support our team on the customer Implementation of additional cosmetic services Continuous further development of your skills up to the acquisition of additional qualifications These are your opportunities: training and further education opportunities up to the lateral entry "Hair & Beauty Artist" , or hairdresser (m/f/d) via external academy Career in one of the best salons in Germany (top salon of the year 2022 in 2 categories) Release the brakes! If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Please send your complete application documents, for the attention of Ralf Steinhoff, by e-mail, by post or you are welcome to bring them to the salon in person. On our Instagram and Facebook account we will keep you up to date on news from our salon. We look forward to seeing you! Find out everything about the unique "Hair & Beauty Artist" career path and rediscover the hairdressing profession at https://www.friseur-reutlingen.de/friseur-job	Helper - hairdressing trade	None	2023-03-07 16:02:39.914000
