8281	10886	Beautician in the NIVEA house (m/f/d) with up to 1,000 ? starter premium	When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of comfortable beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of cozy beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You are a skin care expert (m/f/d) and spoil our guests with facial and full body treatments and decorative applications from NIVEA You have a sure instinct and offer relaxing massages You can fully concentrate on your application - the colleagues ( m/f/d) at the spa reception take over your appointment organization and product advice You organize your processes independently and independently You bring along: You enjoy dealing with guests A completed training in the field of cosmetics or comparable further training, e.g. in the field of wellness massages First professional experience as a beautician (m/f/d) You are responsible and work independently You support your colleagues and show full commitment Your attitude: I believe in magic We offer you: Starter bonus of up to 1,000? (gross, for full-time and employment for at least eight months) A permanent employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our With support you save 20% on the local transport ticket monthly Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Warnem端nde Zur Promenade 2 18119 Rostock-Warnem端nde Ms?Carmen Radermacher Human Resources Coordinator +49 (0) 381 - 202 71 2556 personal.warnemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	Beautician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:31.761000
