3524	6129	Bioinformatician, Computer Scientist - Digitization & AI (m/f/d)	Oh, they are...
The VDE, one of the largest technology organizations in Europe, has stood for innovation and technological progress for more than 130 years. As the only organization in the world, the VDE combines science, standardization, testing, certification and application advice under one roof. The VDE mark has been synonymous with the highest safety standards and consumer protection for more than 100 years. We are committed to the promotion of research and young talent and to lifelong learning with further training opportunities "on the job". More than 2,000 employees at over 60 locations worldwide are involved in the VDE network, more than 100,000 voluntary experts and around 1,500 companies are shaping a future worth living in the VDE network: networked, digital, electric. We shape the e-dial future. www.vde.com

We are looking for one at the Offenbach am Main location
Multi-Project Manager Digitization & Al (m/f/d)
Location: Offenbach am Main
Work experience with work experience
Contract period: unlimited

Project responsibility and management - You develop viable projects from concepts and consortia and manage them. You represent the projects externally, for example to public or industrial clients, as well as internally to project sponsors, the program management team and colleagues from all areas of the VDE Group. You structure the tasks for the project teams, which are usually made up of both internal employees and external consortium partners. If necessary, you manage service providers and freelancers, for example when conducting national and international conferences.

Networks and stakeholder involvement - You use your role to build networks of companies, research, users and civil society. They contribute to the goal-oriented involvement of stakeholders, so that project results are widely shared and continued.

Topic development - With the projects you manage, you will develop and demonstrate new interdisciplinary solutions in the areas of quality, authenticity, trust and artificial intelligence. You contribute to the visibility and topic leadership of the VDE in areas such as Trustworthy AI, Digital Trust & Identity and AI Quality.

Business development - You will be involved in the medium-term development of commercial potential of projects and topics in order to generate resources for future innovations.
 
You are a pioneer who enjoys digital transformation. You counteract resistance with perseverance and your enthusiasm for constant change.
You have successfully completed your studies and have acquired a wide range of subjects - also beyond technical and scientific topics.
You have extensive experience in structuring and managing projects in the digital field and are familiar with the relevant methods and tools. You are able to adapt methods and tools to the respective projects, teams and organizational contexts.
You have proven your ability to familiarize yourself quickly and happily with a variety of new topics - also beyond your previous field of experience. Experience with the special requirements of publicly funded projects is a plus.
You have very good knowledge of English. Part of the interview will be conducted in English.
 

Growth strategy - We offer an exciting environment with a clear growth strategy and the strategic will to advance in the areas of digitization and artificial intelligence and to become the first partner for companies, research and politics.

Personal responsibility - We offer you the opportunity to develop strategies within the framework of your own medium-term planning and to implement them successfully in a team.

Career potential - We support your development...	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:46.752000
