3506	6111	Biologielaborant, Chemielaborant - Analytik, GMP (m/w/d)	Our world needs ideas! As one of the most research-intensive chemical companies in the world, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous industries from construction to photovoltaics and from cosmetics to rubber for over 100 years. Worldwide, with production sites on three continents and around 14,500 employees from 70 nations.

Are you looking for the cosmopolitanism of a globally active technology group - and at the same time appreciate the familiar values ​​of a traditional German company? We offer you exciting tasks in a team of experts who meet at eye level. Around the world. For our Wacker Biotech GmbH, active in the GMP-compliant, biotechnological production of recombinant protein active ingredients, we are looking for two people for the Halle location within the Finance & Quality & Site Halle department for the Protein Analytics department
Biology laboratory assistant (f/m/d) with a focus on protein analysis
Preparation, calculation and implementation of routine analyzes of pharmaceutical-biotechnological protein active ingredients and associated in-process controls under GMP conditions (e.g. HPLC, ELISA, spectroscopy, SDS-PAGE)
Timely, correct and complete documentation of the analyzes in accordance with the applicable regulations
Targeted compilation of analytical data and entry of measurement results in SAP
Creation of documents (such as SOPs), also bilingual (German / English), as well as subject-specific data maintenance in the ERP system
Participation in the assessment and compilation of deviations, OOX procedures and change control procedures for the department under general supervision
 
Successfully completed vocational school training as a biology or chemical laboratory assistant (f/m/d) or a comparable qualification
Preferably several years of professional experience in an analytical laboratory, ideally in the GMP or pharmaceutical area
Applicable knowledge of basic chemical and biochemical laboratory methods for protein analysis, e.g. B. HPLC, ELISA, spectroscopy and SDS-PAGE
Safe handling of MS Office and experience with common software of measuring and analysis devices as well as good knowledge of English
Conscientious, efficient and structured way of working
Communication and teamwork skills as well as social skills
High degree of reliability and flexibility as well as quick comprehension
 Sustainability is one of WACKER's corporate goals - also as an employer. We want you to stay productive, healthy and successful for a long time. We support you in getting ahead in your career and have jobs that fit your life. We offer a wide range of further education and training programs as well as individual development opportunities with a good work-life balance. A collegial working atmosphere, fair remuneration plus above-average social benefits are a matter of course. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.

As an international company, we welcome the diversity of people. We consciously promote equal opportunities and diverse, inclusive cooperation in our teams - this is what makes us successful.	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:44.529000
