3535	6140	Biologist, Chemist - Plant Breeding (m/w/d)	Breeding Information Scientist (m/f/d)
Field of Work: Research & Development
Location: Einbeck, Lower Saxony, DE
Legal Entity: KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA (0001)
Contract Type: Regular
Is Full Time?: Yes
Onsite/ Remote: Hybrid Working Within Country
Job ID: 12901

For KWS Saat SE & Co. KGaA, we are looking for a Breeding Information Scientist (m/f/d) to start as soon as possible. You will drive the standardization and tracking of unique genotypes for the portfolio of crops in KWS, and actively participate in the software cycle of digital tool for germplasm management. This is a permanent, full-time position which can be based at our headquarters in Einbeck (Lower Saxony) or in Berlin. 
	Identify opportunities to digitalize or automate germplasm management processes
	Follow up the compliance of breeding activities with the applicable germplasm regulations
	Communicate effectively with breeding and stakeholders to translate requirements in software specifications
	Drive the standardization, alignment and implementation of unique genotypes
	Manage agile projects with software development teams (product owner)
	Work in the curation, transformation, and integration of data sets in new digital tools
	Participate in the 1st and 2nd level support of digital tools for breeding and create training material
 
	Degree in natural sciences or computer sciences (MSc. / PhD or comparable experience)
	Knowledge in Plant breeding and international agreements for the use and exchange of plant genetic resources
	Experience with agile framework for project management and software development
	Expertise in data management, process mapping, and software requirements
	Effective collaboration and communication in cross-functional and multi-cultural teams
	Very good English communication skills (written and oral), German or other languages are a plus
	Willingness to travel in and out of the country to the KWS breeding stations (5-10%)


What should you bring with?


	Innovative, creative, and progressive mindset with focus on results and passion for digitalization
	Structured, and high level of self-organization
	Service oriented and customer centric
	Good balance between theoretical and practical approaches
	Affinity to work in a fast-paced environment.



 
	Working in an international, highly motivated and dynamic team with flat hierarchies.
	Flexible working hours with the possibility of mobile working (hybrid).
	According to our slogan: "Make Yourself Grow!" we promote individual professional and personal development.
	We create the right framework conditions for you: a company pension scheme, capital-forming benefits, Christmas and holiday bonuses, special prices for company shares, childcare allowance and a job bike.
	As a family-run company, we live by the values of team spirit, closeness and trust, independence and vision - a culture that is also lived in practice, e.g. through an open and friendly work atmosphere.	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:48.109000
