3521	6126	Biologist, Pharmaceutical Scientist - Product Management	Strategic Business Manager (m|f|d) TheraSorb Apheresis
Join us in shaping the future of biomedicine and make cancer history. For more than 30 years, we have been developing cutting-edge science and technology to empower biomedical research and personalized medicine. We combine excellence from more than 60 disciplines in natural sciences, engineering, and informatics to make a significant contribution to biomedical sciences. We encourage a creative working environment driven by pioneering spirit - to seek new horizons - boldly envisioning the future and turning it into reality. Today, more than 4,400 experts from over 50 countries contribute to our sustainable success. 
	In your role, you oversee the strategic and executive marketing of our Apheresis portfolio and drive the business success.
	In constant communication with markets and product management, you will act as a team and define product launch plans for workflows and products.
	You will work with our product management, communication departments and clinical regulatory stakeholders to steer and implement integrated marketing plans for global launches.
	At least, you collaborate with various internal and external stakeholders to drive the successful execution of the growth plan for our portfolio and increase global market presence.
 
	You have an advanced degree in life sciences or business administration or a comparable qualification. At least, you bring several years of professional experience as a strategist, project manager, product manager, marketing manager or consultant in the medical device, healthcare, pharmaceutical or related industries.
	You have a proven ability to drive product and target group positioning strategies in complex project management environments. Hands-on experience defining, planning and designing project plans with internal and external stakeholders are set for this role.
	The ability to present strategic projects and long-term vision in an effective and inspiring manner, as well as excellent communication and organizational skills complete your profile.
	You are fluent in English and willing to travel up to 25% of your time. 
 
	Flexible and remote work: Enable time management on your terms 
	Diversity: International teams and cross-border intercultural communication
	Room for creativity: It’s the most clever solution that we always strive for  
	Health & Sport: We offer a wide range of corporate sports activities and health provision 
	Miltenyi University: A clever mind never stops learning, take advantage of our inhouse Training Academy	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:46.383000
