3569	6174	Biotechnologist - project coordination, research proposals	The innovation partnership M2Aind (“Multimodal analytics for the healthcare industry”) of the Mannheim University of Applied Sciences is looking for a person to start as soon as possible



Project coordinator (f/m/d)
E11 (TV-L), scope of employment 100% (39.5 hours / week)
Code 3011 P


M2Aind is a BMBF-funded research association between the Mannheim University of Applied Sciences and numerous companies in the healthcare industry in the Rhine-Main-Neckar region. The network works at the interface of digital biomedicine, process engineering and information technology in order to create practical products and services for the healthcare industry. For the project coordination of M2Aind we are looking for a new team member with high motivation, teamwork and communication skills.
Support of the M2Aind management team with research proposals and project reports to project sponsors, ministries, foundations and companies
Supporting the M2Aind management team in interactions with university administration
Preparation of letters in German and English and forwarding them to third parties according to the specifications of the management, e.g. invitations to events and symposia
Documentation for the M2Aind governance structure: Preparation and follow-up of internal meetings and external meetings and events
 
You have completed a degree in German Studies, Linguistics and Cultural Studies or Communication Sciences
You already have relevant professional experience in the field of research clusters or consortia, especially with project proposals or reports
You are interested and motivated in technical contexts
Safe handling of the MS Office package
A structured, independent and timely way of working
You have very good knowledge of spoken and written English
Your strengths include a high level of reliability, communication and teamwork skills as well as social skills
 
the services of the public service on the basis of the TV-L, such as company pension schemes, capital-forming benefits and an annual bonus
Work-life balance and compatibility of family and career through flextime
Travel allowances when using the job ticket
Occupational health management measures
Working in a convenient location with the best VRN and DB connections
Mannheim University of Applied Sciences bears the title \"Total E-Quality\".


The employment relationship is initially limited until January 31, 2025. The position is basically divisible.

Severely disabled applicants (f/m/d) will be given priority if they are suitably qualified.

In order to increase the proportion of female employees, qualified women are expressly encouraged to apply. If you have any questions about equal opportunities, please contact the Equal Opportunities Officer, Ms. Sylvia Schmidt-Teichmann, e-mail: equal opportunities(at)hs-mannheim.de.	Engineer/in - Biotechnology	None	2023-03-07 15:57:52.286000
