7838	10443	Branch Manager Van & Truck Rental (m/f/d)	Still no responsibility and bored at work or do you want to get started? Would you like to be responsible for giving the competition in your city cold feet? Or that your colleague Marina can fulfill her dream and work in Mallorca for a season? Then become part of SIXT and lead one of our branches to success as a branch manager (m/f/d) with your business decisions. Don't worry: we'll teach you everything you need to know about cars and much more! We are also looking forward to you as a career changer or business economist, store manager, branch manager, operations manager, site manager, club manager or manager (m/f/d) in the service sector or sales! What you do with us: You make our customers' mobility wishes come true by ensuring that your fleet management is on point; Complaint management is easy for you due to your solution orientation You are responsible for the operational management, development, motivation and onboarding of your team, which you always manage well thanks to your high empathy You are passionate about juggling various KPIs and deriving the optimal measures, which is why the responsibility for the sales of your station drives you to top your station goals You take care of the goods planning, repeat orders, invoice processing and work closely with the service providers; with your sustainability, the costs always stay within limits You keep track of your station and ensure that premium quality and optimal processes are always guaranteed What you bring with you: You have completed commercial or business training/studies and already have a job - and management experience in sales-related positions, ideally in a service industry close to us (e.g. as store manager / site manager / sales manager / location manager (m/f/d)) You are strongly sales-oriented and enjoy customer contact You like to organize and know how you lead and motivate employees properly You speak fluent German and very good English, are enthusiastic about cars and have a valid driver's license Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation and you will not be measured by when you work, but by the responsibility for your own branch. In addition, you will receive an attractive basic salary depending on your professional level with an uncapped bonus system, a permanent employment contract, as well as support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. In addition to a company mobile phone, you have a company car with a fuel card for Germany, which you can also use privately. This means you are always on the move in the region and have the chance to choose something nice from our fleet every six months. You work with the best colleagues and receive 2,000 as an employee? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for each hire through your recommendation. It starts with a training week, followed by continuous exchange with your own mentor and support from sales coaches, the SIXT quiz app and much more. We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform and subsidize their cleaning costs. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. With our employee benefits you get discounts for our products SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+ as well as with partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and free cyber sports courses. Would you like one more time? We offer further training and advancement opportunities and give you continuous feedback. With our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute, you can always reach someone you can confide in. We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:37.452000
