8289	10894	Breakfast waiter m/f/d - 38 hours per week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. A strong works council Duty rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week One guaranteed weekend per month Tariff partner NGG Overtime is seldom Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday bonus Your tasks Take responsibility for the optimal supply of our guests with drinks and food during breakfast and greet them with your warm and friendly manner, because with you our guests start the day in our tropical holiday world. Ensure optimal guest service and smooth workflows and support our team with special functions, events and inventories. What we expect from you Degree: Successfully completed vocational training in gastronomy or initial experience in similar areas Requirements: currently valid health pass and HACCP knowledge Language skills: German and English knowledge Knowledge: knowledge of food Characteristics: positive charisma and communication skills as well as team spirit and an independent way of working Special skills: technical understanding of our cashless booking system Micros Fidelio desirable Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Sea feeling: A unique place of work.	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.748000
