8356	10961	Breakfast chef (m/f/d)	Lindner Hotels AG is a family-run hotel company based in Düsseldorf and has a portfolio of over 30 hotels in seven European countries. The group offers two high-quality hotel brands under one roof: The classic brand Lindner Hotels & Resorts stands for individual business and resort hotels that are committed to all-round service for the guest. The me and all hotels brand, founded in 2015, relies on boutique character, technical finesse and local events in central city locations with individual design and casual flair. Not only our guests, but also our employees should feel comfortable with us. We are therefore proud to be one of the kununu Top Companies 2022 (Germany's largest employer rating portal). Our hotel: center for successful conferences and wellness experiences! BEING RELAXED! Freedom, well-being, creativity, rustic elegance, comfortable family cosiness, happiness is SPA, enjoy wellness, forge ideas, perfect conferences, captivating design, state-of-the-art technology... no matter whether classic, extraordinary, private or business. Our benefits: Shortened trial period of 4 weeks Unlimited contract Free parking Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Reduced overnight rates for you, your family & your friends in all Lindner Hotels & Resorts and me and all hotels Anniversary and special bonuses Corporate benefits - discounts for over 1000 well-known companies Continuous employee development through a wide range of training opportunities Games, fun and lots of knowledge through our e-learning tool. Salary range: 26,364 - 30,420 EUR gross/year The tasks: jointly responsible for the entire breakfast area and the smooth running of the breakfast assembly and dismantling, as well as supervision of the breakfast buffet production of hot and cold dishes for the breakfast buffet tidying up and cleaning work in the restaurant and kitchen preparation of the mise-en-place for the next day Preparing the coffee breaks Supporting colleagues for lunch/the à la carte business Compliance with quality and breakfast standards Ensuring high product quality Close cooperation with the other departments Compliance with hygiene regulations Training and instructing Apprentices, interns and temporary workers The profile: First experience in a hotel/restaurant kitchen or a completed cooking training Excellent communication and teamwork skills in dealing with guests and colleagues Independent and professional way of working Flexibility, resilience and reliability Distinct sense of quality and responsibility Positive basic motivation and enjoyment of work Good knowledge of German and English	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:40.968000
