8128	10733	Breakfast manager (m/f/d)	About The Ritz-Carlton, Berlin - A Homage to Berlin's Glamorous Golden Era The Ritz-Carlton, Berlin has 303 guest rooms and suites and is located directly on the historic Potsdamer Platz. The multiple award-winning 5-star superior hotel offers unique rooms in a contemporary art deco style combined with excellent service at the highest level. The POTS restaurant represents modern German cuisine, while the elegant The Lounge spoils its guests with selected tea aromas and its own menu. The Curtain Club is one of the best bars in town and rounds off the culinary ensemble of the luxury hotel. A modern wellness area and the exclusive Club Lounge on the 10th floor invite you to relax. You can find more information at www.ritzcarlton.de/berlin or by taking a look at our current hotel video: https://vimeo.com/456492241? WE ARE LADIES AND GENTLEMEN SERVING LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Will you be part of our The Ritz-Carlton ? family and go the extra mile with us for great guest experiences and the best team spirit. This is what your day looks like Preparing and preparing the food for our breakfast Taking responsibility for the production and organization in the kitchen Preparing the daily "mise en place" Instruction and support for the subordinate employees and trainees Careful and correct handling of the work equipment and Products Compliance with hygiene regulations according to HACCP Ensuring the implementation of all Ritz-Carlton standards What we want from you Completed training as a chef and ideally experience in a similar position Passion for cooking Talent to impart specialist knowledge to other employees Working according to the HACCP standard Structured and self-initiative work High level of quality and sustainability awareness Reliability and resistance to stress Desire for further development What you can expect from us An exciting job in one of the most modern buildings in the city Time recording to the minute and flexible working time models Unlimited employment contract after passing the probationary period and annual salary adjustments Bonuses on Sundays and public holidays Increase in annual leave after Length of service up to 30 days Up to 50? Additional payment for the BVG/VBB ticket Choose for yourself: 3 additional vacation days or individual further training opportunities worth 300? or 300? Subsidy to the Hoga pension scheme A successful and internationally experienced management team that advises and accompanies you in your development Internal and global development opportunities as part of the world's largest hotel chain Marriott International with over 8000 hotels Regular feedback meetings, optional cross-training Training and further education measures with further education financing Participation in capital-forming Benefits based on seniority Appreciation of individual performance in the form of awards, which are also celebrated at regular employee meetings Family & Friends rates in all Marriott International brands worldwide Be our Guest: One night's accommodation for two people including breakfast for all new employees within the first 6 months Team events and off-sites, summer and annual party Free uniform and cleaning; Cleaning of business clothing Healthy and balanced meals in our staff restaurant On-boarding program at the beginning of the job and Learning Coach System Free online training for every position and career level available at any time Corporate benefits as well as advantages in local shops and fitness facilities Opportunity to participate in social projects and much more more ! Our motivated and friendly team will be happy to train you and give you a warm welcome from the start. Have we piqued your interest? Then accept the challenge and apply to The Ritz-Carlton, Berlin. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. We look forward to receiving your application! Marriott is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to hiring a diverse workforce and a sustainable, inclusive culture that puts employees first. We are committed not to discriminate against individuals with protected statuses, such as disability and veteran status, or any other status protected by law.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:13.076000
