3493	6098	BTA, CTA, MTA, PTA - Zelltherapie (m/w/d)	Technical Assistant Cell Therapy (m/f/d)

who we are

ProBioGen is an international biotech company based in Berlin-Weißensee, which has specialized in the development and manufacture of biopharmaceutical active ingredients and vaccines thanks to many years of experience. Every day, more than 300 employees contribute with their creative and careful work to the establishment of new therapy developments in medicine and groundbreaking innovations worldwide.

With our research, we support the development of effective and safe medicinal substances so that diseases such as cancer can be better cured.

We have been growing steadily since 1994 - become an innovation driver of tomorrow and apply now!
 
Carrying out cell culture experiments for the development of new cell therapies
Preparation, separation and culture of immune cells
Phenotypic and functional characterization
Genetic engineering work on cells (viral transduction and transfection)
Participation in projects for new cell lines and process development of autologous and allogeneic cell therapies
Laboratory organization and general laboratory work
 
Successfully completed training as a technical assistant (e.g. BTA) or comparable qualification
Extensive experience in the cell culture laboratory
Knowledge of flow cytometry and PCR analysis desired
Ideally, first professional experience in the mentioned areas
Enjoy laboratory documentation
Good knowledge of English, sufficient to understand work instructions
Ability to work independently
Structured way of working and accuracy
 ProSphere. Partnership environment with "you" culture, company events
ProBalance. Flexible working and special vacation days
ProHealth. Yoga, Shiatsu, health days and discounted membership in the Urban Sports Club
ProCare. Technical equipment, laboratory clothing, screen glasses, company pension scheme
ProKey. Cafeteria with Convini-Fridge, daily fresh lunch offer and free drinks
Pro Talent. Onboarding with a mentor program, innovation days, further training offers, coaching	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:42.920000
