8319	10924	Business Analyst Operations & Processes (m/w/d)	You love complex data contexts and like to get to the bottom of things? Do you have several years of professional experience as a business analyst (m/f/d) or comparable and are you now looking for a new challenge with more drive? Then join our team in Pullach near Munich and start as a logistics business analyst (m/f/d) as soon as possible. Your task will focus on processing the complex data from our rent-a-car process in order to derive measures for the future. Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you do with us: You are responsible for analyzing the vehicle turnaround processes as part of the Sixt rent-a-car process (vehicle check-in, cleaning, refueling, transfers, provision, etc.) You define requirements to accounting for the structured, control-optimized posting of actual costs You prepare various reports, e.g. for key figures, costs, process times and quality KPIs, and develop the benchmarking of the operating units against each other and over time You design optimization potentials based on analyses, and derive recommendations for action You are a competent contact for those responsible for operations in the Sixt corporate countries You prepare data and Documents for the board and management What you bring: You have successfully completed your studies in business administration or industrial engineering and you have several years of experience in the field of business analytics, controlling or financial modeling You have very good analytical skills to penetrate complex database and process landscapes and to be able to recognize and present their connections You have a structured and independent way of working and have a strategic and pragmatic approach You have advanced knowledge of MS Office (especially MS Excel, MS Powerpoint) You like working in a team and have very good English - as well as knowledge of German Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. Internal Audit also plays an indispensable role in this, combining assurance and consulting in order to optimize the effectiveness of the areas. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:36.421000
