5911	8516	Buyer production parts (m/f/x)	As the largest Certified Excellence Partner of Bosch Rexroth AG, we work in one of the most exciting future markets in Germany. Machines and automation systems are what drives "Made in Germany" and is the industry with the strongest growth. We automate the production processes of our well-known customers from a wide variety of industries, whether with components, system technology or complete systems. Are you ready for new challenges and exciting projects, do you want to put your heart and soul into contributing your knowledge and experience, develop further and be part of a great team? Then apply now to automate the future together with us! Buyer of production parts (m/f/d) These are your tasks: You are responsible for the procurement of standard, purchased and production parts in small quantities in line with costs, deadlines and quality in order to ensure a smooth process. They check drawings for technical feasibility and calculate the costs for the production parts, taking suitable production processes into account. You will obtain offers, conduct price negotiations with suppliers and be responsible for developing supplier relationships. You act as a link to all production-related departments and the construction department. You evaluate and analyze procurement markets and are responsible for finding and developing new sources of supply. You bring these qualifications and skills with you: You have a degree as a state-certified technician (m/f/d) in mechanical engineering or comparable training. You have at least five years of relevant professional experience in the procurement of production parts. You bring in-depth knowledge of common manufacturing processes. You have strong communication skills and enjoy working in a team. This, in combination with negotiating skills and assertiveness, is your key to success in supplier meetings. You are experienced in dealing with MS Office and ERP systems. You are characterized in your daily work by a high degree of cost and quality awareness as well as entrepreneurial thinking and acting. This is what we offer you: A modern company building in the beautiful Remstal near Stuttgart Pleasant working atmosphere in small teams Work-life balance with flexible working hours Intensive training with internships in the adjacent departments Individual further development opportunities Joint events such as Summer party and Christmas party Extensive benefits and social benefits Please apply yourself, stating your salary expectations and your notice period. APPLY NOW Contact: URT Utz Ratio Technik GmbH Felicitas Störk Daimlerstraße 23 71404 Korb bewerbung@urt-utz.de	Technician - mechatronics	None	2023-03-07 16:02:41.276000
