7682	10287	Buyer vehicle purchase (m/f/d) - Italy	Are cars your passion? In addition, negotiating is in your blood and you are tempted to take on great responsibility? Your work as a vehicle purchaser (m/f/d) - Italy is one of the biggest levers in the company? only through you do SIXT customers get a set of wheels. For our mobility products car rental, subscription and car sharing, we buy several 100,000 vehicles a year from the world's most renowned OEMs, because we always want to inspire our customers with the latest vehicle models. You and your colleagues are end-to-end responsible for ensuring that we can procure the right vehicles at the right time with the best purchasing and remarketing conditions. Sounds interesting? Then become part of our international vehicle purchasing team in Munich as a vehicle purchasing buyer (m/f/d) - Italy. What you do with us: You prepare negotiations with all international vehicle manufacturers and dealers and carry them out independently You take on the analysis and benchmarking of offers for our international car and truck rental fleet You plan the optimal fleet composition in close cooperation with your colleagues from other specialist departments, in particular yield and fleet management, controlling and marketing You are the first point of contact for our suppliers, you constantly consolidate and expand your network at international trade fairs, business trips and events You are involved in the conception and implementation of innovative, new mobility products such as subscription models or free-floating fleets with the vehicle manufacturers You record the success of your negotiations in cooperation with the company lawyers in legally binding contracts What you bring with you: You have a degree or completed vocational training and relevant professional experience You already have initial experience in B2B sales or comparable professional areas and are therefore fluent in negotiations and assertive You are a talented communicator, linguistically versed (fluent in German and English, and fluent in Italian) and enjoy the telephone and personal exchange with business partners You have a strong analytical mind, enjoy working Dealing with numbers, a quick grasp and a structured way of working You are confident in dealing with common MS Office applications, in particular Microsoft Excel Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your work area: The shopping area buys everything! With a lot of creativity and expertise, we manage the balancing act between the specifications of the internal quality standards and the premium focus of SIXT every day. This includes the Fleet Purchase (both national and international), Strategic Procurement and Operational Procurement teams. We not only have the stra	buyer	None	2023-03-07 16:06:18.208000
