7535	10140	Call Center Agent B2B m/w/d	HOGAPAGE Media GmbH is a company of the BUHL Group, which is the market leader in the service segment of gastronomic personnel solutions in Germany. The BUHL Group is also on the rise in the field of student personnel service: STUDENTpartout, the youngest subsidiary of the BUHL Group, successfully serves the student labor market not only in event service, but also in the industrial and commercial sectors. HOGAPAGE Media GmbH brings together a broad portfolio of tailor-made solutions for the hotel, gastronomy, catering and GM sectors under one roof. The brand portfolio currently includes a news portal, the shopping guide and the online shop. HOGAPAGE is also very active on social media. The range of information is supplemented by the high-circulation print magazine. The HOGAPAGE industry portal is also in the premier league with a special job exchange for the hospitality industry in terms of personnel recruiting. Based on this know-how, we will soon be launching another special job exchange ? this time tailored to the needs of students and young professionals. The further expansion of our brands requires committed teams who make us even better every day. Sounds exciting? Then let's start together! As a call center agent (m/f/d) in our sales team, you will be responsible for acquiring new customers in your assigned area. Your tasks: You will contact potential customers (by telephone and e-mail) about their specific needs and inform them about our recruiting solutions. You will sell our job advertisement products. You will take care of the preparation and follow-up of interviews. You will maintain our database and constantly expand it with new prospects Your profile: Interest, motivation and talent for professional sales Sales talent, communication skills and enthusiasm Communicative, competent and enthusiastic nature Quick perception and goal-oriented way of working What we offer you: Flexible working time models with core working hours from 8:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. or 1:30 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. An hourly wage of 15 ? Intensive training Good transport connections and employee parking Subsidy for lunch in the company's restaurant State-of-the-art working conditions in our company headquarters in the BUHL Business Center in Augsburg (directly at the central clinic) Interested? Then we look forward to receiving your complete application documents, preferably by email. Your contact person is Dorian Heidel, manager of the job exchanges department.	Marketing specialist/assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:00.179000
