8371	10976	Call Center - Reservierungsmitarbeiter (Inbound) m/w/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! As a call center & reservations employee, you are the first person our guests get in touch with. With your friendly manner, you inspire our guests as soon as they greet you on the phone, whether in German or in English. Your area of ​​responsibility includes, among other things, accepting and processing reservation requests as well as creating offers and processing vouchers for our tropical holiday world. Home office via remote. What we expect from you Professional experience: Professional experience in a call center, reservation or similar activity desirable Requirements: Pleasant telephone voice and professional, guest-oriented behavior Language skills: German fluently, both spoken and written; Knowledge of English desirable Characteristics: sociability, ability to work in a team and reliability Working hours: Willingness to work weekends Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free entry to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual staff parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free shuttle bus from Brand Tropical Islands train station. to the resort and back again. Parking: A sufficient number of free employee parking spaces are available. South Seas feeling:   A unique place of work.	Reservation clerk (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:42.814000
