6119	8724	Candidate Experience Expert (w/m/d)	Candidate Experience Expert (f/m/d) - Mobile working possible*

Apply now "

Date: 03/01/2023

Location: Bad Saeckingen, DE

Company: Frank

About Franke

We, the Franke company with its three divisions, are a leading global provider of products and services for domestic kitchens, professional system catering and the convenience store sector, as well as for professional coffee preparation. With around 60 companies, we are at home on five continents. More than 8,000 employees are constantly taking on new perspectives in order to identify opportunities and convert them into inspiring, innovative solutions for tomorrow's requirements.
From the Bad Säckingen location, we, the HR department, look after both Franke Foodservice Systems as a provider of solutions for kitchen equipment, appliances and accessories for system catering, as well as Franke Home Solutions with a focus on intelligent systems for household kitchens and Franke Coffee Systems as a producer of the most modern machines for the professional coffee preparation.



What to expect from us

We serve over 600 employees working from Mexico to Europe to Asia. This includes the entire employee lifecycle from recruiting to onboarding to offboarding, as well as administration, personnel development, training, fleet management, canteen management, payroll and health management.
Your main tasks will include the further development of our personnel marketing, the management of the recruitment process for new employees worldwide and the entire onboarding process as well as the support of further development in the company. This also includes helping to shape our corporate culture and our employer branding. As a member of the team, you will automatically support upcoming international HR projects.
 In addition to the recruitment process, there is also constructive cooperation with managers and local HR departments worldwide.

* All activities listed above can be carried out in the form of mobile work after consultation and after training


what we are looking for

Have you already gained several years of professional experience in a comparable HR position or have you completed an apprenticeship or degree with a focus on human resources?
 Do you have experience with intercultural cooperation and are you fluent in German and English or even have other language skills?
 Do you enjoy working in a team and have a positive attitude with a confident demeanor and strong communication skills?

Are you interested in these topics and would you like to work in our team? We look forward to receiving your application.


what we offer

You can expect an interesting and responsible position with a wide range of creative opportunities in an international and growing company, which is characterized by flexibility. The innovative products and the good market position promise promising corporate development and the opportunity to play a key role in shaping the ongoing growth course. A performance-related payment, the promotion of your personal development and professional qualification are a matter of course for us.
Attractive employment conditions such as
Flexible working hours
Employer-financed company pension scheme
Christmas and holiday bonuses
State-of-the-art premises with ergonomic workstations
Free drinks (coffee, tea, water)
Health management with occupational medical care
Employee Assistance Program (advice on private or professional issues)
30 days holiday

complete our offer.
Franke Foodservice Systems GmbH
Florian Goronzi
Jurastrasse 3, 79713 Bad Säckingen
Tel: 07761 5533 5112
Franke-HR.DE@franke.com



Further information can be found at: www.franke.com

Important information for all executive search companies, headhunters and personnel consultants
The Franke Group does not accept unsolicited support from headhunters and HR consultants for our career opportunities. All CVs/resumes submitted to Franke or its employees by external recruitment agencies without a valid written recruitment agreement related to the position in question shall be deemed the sole property of our company. In the event that candidates presented by an agency are hired in our company and there is no prior agreement, no fee will be paid.

Apply now "	Business economist (university) - human resource management	None	2023-03-07 16:03:06.948000
