8154	10759	Career changer car rental (m/f/d) airport	Are you still upset or do you already have fuel in your blood? Would you like to ensure that the Smith family from the USA can fit all the cuckoo clocks they have bought in a SIXT car with a spacious trunk? Or that Ricarda and Markus can take a spin around the lakes in the area in a chic convertible at the weekend and then later argue about who pays the ticket? Then join the team in one of our branches as a customer and sales consultant (m/f/d) and make our customers happy. Don't worry: we'll teach you everything you need to know about cars and much more! With us you get a starting salary of at least 2,720?/month (full-time) and on top of that an uncapped bonus, as well as shift bonuses. Sounds interesting? We are also looking forward to you as a career changer or hotel specialist, salesperson, travel agency employee, receptionist or service employee (m/f/d)! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: Min. 2,720? (gross)/month Starting salary for full-time + uncapped bonus system with guaranteed monthly payment PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES + FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE TIME ACCOUNT: Holiday, night shift and Sunday work surcharges and build-up of up to 20 minus hours BAV & VWL: Support with PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours within the branch opening hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance that take your wishes and hobbies into account THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with your friends and receive as an employee (m/f /d) 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation ONBOARDING TO TAKE OFF: Start with a training week, continuous exchange with your own mentor, support from sales coaches, SIXT quizz app & much more DRESS TO IMPRESS:? We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform & subsidize the cleaning costs. GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: You can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative of Regine Sixt, one day a year & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of Acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and psychological hotline What you bring: You are motivated and enjoy working with people - because we have lots of nice customers and colleagues (m/f/d) You bring practical work experience - everything , we will teach you what you need for SIXT You work reliably and are responsible - there is a lot to organize in our branches You are willing to work in shifts and also on weekends or public holidays - our branches have different opening times, we will find you You have the right roster You have a valid driver's license - so you can experience our cars yourself You would like to work for us full-time or at least 20 hours a week - we don't care whether you want to work full-time or part-time, the main thing is that you have Having fun What you do with us: You make our customers' mobility wishes come true and find the right vehicle for every customer. You are an organizational talent and always have an eye on the availability and utilization of the fleet. Even in turbulent times you keep your smile and represent SIXT as a premium provider. After our training sessions at the SIXT Academy, you will be very familiar with our services and systems and will also help new colleagues to quickly feel comfortable. Additional information Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. together m	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:16.262000
