8433	11038	Career changer car rental (m/f/d) full-time/part-time	Are you looking for a job with a secure perspective and a lot of variety? Would you like to turn our customers into fans every day with your open and communicative personality and make sure that they come back? You are very welcome in a working environment where performance is fun and you are encouraged! The teams in our various branches look forward to seeing you. In our joint discussion we will find out which branch you will start in and which team you will fit into best. Don't worry: we'll teach you everything you need to know about dealing with customers and cars and much more! We are looking forward to your application. You suit us! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: 2,620? (gross)/month Starting salary for full-time including guaranteed monthly bonus payment + uncapped bonus system as an additional earning opportunity PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES + FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE TIME ACCOUNT: Holiday, night shift and Sunday work surcharges and build-up of up to 20 minus hours BAV & Economics: Support for your pension scheme & capital-forming benefits PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours within the framework of the branch opening hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance that take your wishes and hobbies into account THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with your friends and get on as an employee (m/f/d) 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation ONBOARDING TO TAKE OFF: Start with a training week, continuous exchange with your own mentor, support from sales coaches, SIXT quizz app & much more DRESS TO IMPRESS:? We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform & subsidize the cleaning costs. GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and psychological hotline What you bring with you: You are motivated and like working with people - because we have a lot of nice customers and colleagues (m/f/d) You have practical work experience - we will teach you everything you need for SIXT You work reliably and are responsible - there is a lot to organize in our branches You are willing to work in shifts and also on weekends or public holidays - our branches have different opening times, we will find the right schedule with you you have a valid driver's license - so you can experience our cars yourself you want to work full-time or at least 20 hrs/week with us - we don't care whether you want to work full-time or part-time, the main thing is that you have fun doing what you do with us: You make our customers' mobility wishes come true and find the right vehicle for every customer. You are an organizational talent and always have an eye on the availability and utilization of the fleet. You don't lose your smile even in turbulent times and you represent SIXT as a premium provider. After our training sessions at the SIXT Academy, you will be very familiar with our services and systems and will also help new colleagues to quickly feel comfortable. Additional information Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Get started with us and explore the world of M	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:50.423000
