8684	11289	Career changer (m/f/d) (salesperson Door 2 Door Sales)	We will train you to become a TOP seller!

Newcomers are very welcome!

We, the Vifaru Company GmbH & Co. KG, implement the official field service for well-known companies in telecommunications.

Career changer (m/f/d) (salesperson Door 2 Door Sales)

Your tasks:
Through many years of experience, practice-based competence and a dynamic team, we ensure that goal-oriented projects are successfully implemented.

We maintain long-term relationships with our employees based on mutual benefit.

If you are looking for a safe working atmosphere in a team and a dynamic, varied job, then Vifaru Company GmbH & Co. KG is the right place for you.
We offer you:
Our daily work consists of sales measures such as Door2Door, existing customer care and new customer acquisition.

As a flourishing and dynamically growing sales company, we focus on market goals, which we always achieve with a clear concept.

For us, the focus is always clearly on the benefits for the customer.
  

Join our team and become a successful seller.
  

You will be part of our team in Saxony-Anhalt/Saxony and will be active in the telecommunications industry on behalf of the market leader.
  

We train you in a practical way with the customer. You will be trained by several of the Toop sellers and receive personal coaching that will help you advance in your development.

We want our employees to be happy and successful.
  

We offer you:
  

-Full-time permanent position with a fixed salary and commission for the future -Dynamic, positive working environment -Free coaching, training and courses -Personal development -Uncapped income -Team events, incentives -Possibility of promotion to sales trainer, team leader or site manager -Exclusive projects in the telecommunications industry
This is what YOU bring with you::
- Enjoy working with people
  

- Willpower and ambition
  

- Well-groomed appearance
  

-willingness to learn
  

Are you interested? We look forward to inviting YOU to an interview! You can find more information on our website.

Vifaru Company GmbH & Co. KG
Mr Louis Solter
Vifaru Company GmbH & Co. KG
Border Street 48A
Hall
info@vifaru-company.de
0345/6949 6262	Saleswoman	None	2023-03-07 16:08:21.281000
