8427	11032	Cashier - cashier - checkout - supermarket - food retail	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Scanner hero ? Goods conveyor belt rocker? Cashier! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and support the team of our customer, a supermarket in Hanover-Laatzen, at the checkout. Your task: You are the friendly cashier in our customer's branch. You process the predominantly cashless payment transactions at a scanner checkout and ensure order and cleanliness in the checkout area. You advise and serve your customers in a friendly and courteous manner so that they keep coming back. At the end of your shift, do your cash accounting - it's always right down to the last penny. Requirement profile:   Ideally, first experience as a cashier in retail, we are also happy to give career changers a chance Enjoy dealing with customers Ability to work in a team, resilience and flexibility Carefulness and speed A natural and well-groomed appearance Good knowledge of spoken and written German and a basic understanding of numbers Impeccable police clearance certificate We offer you:   A varied, interesting & safe job A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers A fair & punctual salary A permanent lease with fixed shifts from Monday to Saturday Conveniently located Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, vacation & Christmas bonus Various employment models Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Your contact person, our branch manager Ms. Claudia Zerban, is already looking forward to your application.	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.685000
