7614	10219	Cashier service (d/f/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 50999 Köln SV Business Catering GmbH 20h/week Cashier (d/w/m) Well, fancy a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! That's what moves you Serving guests at the café bar Barista tasks Operating the checkout Assisting in the production of cold dishes What you bring with experience in a similar position is an advantage Checkout experience German level C1-C2: competent use of language Open-minded and motivated personality with a well-groomed appearance Enjoying contact with guests Your place of work Together with a motivated team, you will surprise up to 100 guests every day in our customer's restaurant in Cologne with a varied offer: creative, seasonal dishes, freshly prepared and varied. You work 20h/week from Monday to Friday, between 7am and 4pm, depending on the roster. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Christian De Buck, Team Lead HR Recruiting	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:06:09.851000
