8015	10620	Chambermaid / Roomboy (m/f/d)	Located in the heart of Berlin, between Alexanderplatz and Potsdamer Platz, the Novotel Berlin Mitte is the ideal location in the cosmopolitan city for business travelers and city vacationers. 238 modern, light-flooded and fully air-conditioned rooms await you. Our 6 light-flooded conference rooms offer up to 280 guests on 445 m² enough space for effective and creative work. FEEL WELCOME! We say that not only to our guests, but also to you? our motivated and future talent. Welcome to one of the pulsating metropolises of Europe with a national and international audience. Welcome to AccorInvest and Novotel! Do you love variety and like to approach other people? Would you like to work in a team and use your foreign languages? Doing the same thing every day is out of the question for you? Then you should definitely consider a career at AccorInvest. Your tasks: cleaning and preparing rooms according to our standard control and responsibility for cleanliness and order in the warehouses, floors, stairwells, etc. reporting repairs to the technical department close cooperation with our housekeeping team and external company What we would like:   Knowledge in the field of room cleaning ? lateral entrants are also possible sufficient knowledge of German and, if possible, English passion for cleanliness and order, resilience reliable, responsible and independent work flexibility and willingness to work on Sundays and public holidays What we offer you: employment contract directly from us with collective wages above-tariff remuneration such as Holiday pay and a 13th month salary Increase in holiday entitlement based on seniority Working in a friendly, motivated and international team Personal and professional development Provision and cleaning of uniforms Catering is prepared by us Discounts in all Accor hotels around the world Our own Academié Accor for training You have discovered your future? We look forward to receiving your complete application documents!	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:06:59.199000
