8279	10884	Chambermaid m/f/d	A DREAMLIKE PANORAMIC WORKPLACE - CAREER AT BERGKRISTALL Welcome to the Bergkristall 4****S Hotel in Oberstaufen. Magnificent panoramic location with a view of the mountains. Upscale regional, fresh and creative cuisine. Gastronomy with restaurant area, atrium with bar and panoramic terraces. Kristall Spa with infinity sports outdoor pool and indoor pool, various relaxation areas and the "NAGELFLUH" sauna area. Hotel's own wildlife park directly at the house. We enchant our guests in a modern and at the same time traditional dimension of enjoyment, relaxation and tranquility. - FEEL THE BERGKRISTALL-SPIRIT - With lifeblood, passion and your commitment, we will become an unbeatable team where cohesion and sincerity come first. Feel the Bergkristall spirit and become part of our team. YOUR BENEFITS An appreciative and informal cooperation is always our priority! In addition, there are: 13 monthly salaries per calendar year Special bonuses annually and depending on the course of business (voluntarily from the employer) Holiday pay annually Sunday and public holiday bonuses, as well as night bonuses by arrangement Company pension scheme on request Digital time recording with time clock and online duty roster in good time in advance Sustainability: job bike on request www.jobrad.org Individual support with opportunities for further education and training Attractive employer benefits: Free use of the pool, sauna and fitness area at fixed times, 50% discount at all Allgäu top hotels in a double room with half board. 50% on all food & drinks when visiting our hotel restaurant, 50% on all spa treatments, 20% on our spa products, 30% on all products in our hotel boutique HEIMATGUT Interactive hotel apps to share your Bergkristall moments with Your colleagues and as a communication tool during the working day Staff bistro with all-round catering High-quality and stylish work clothing Two staff houses with single rooms and shared flats subject to availability, we are also happy to help with finding accommodation YOUR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Professional cleaning of the guest rooms and public areas Active cooperation in the daily work routine of housekeeping compliance with hygiene regulations and specifications for cleaning processes YOUR QUALIFICATION professional experience in a comparable job implementation of in-house goals working independently friendliness, commitment and motivation good knowledge of German good manners and a well-groomed appearance quality awareness and attention to detail	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:07:31.517000
