7884	10489	Chef de Rang (m/f/d) as support for our bar	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: Advice and support for our guests when choosing food and drinks Running your own station Supporting the service team in all activities and in all areas Supporting and representing the bar team Working independently You have: Completed training and professional experience in a similar position in the upper Hotel industry or gastronomy In-depth knowledge of wines, cheese, spirits and excellent product knowledge in the field of food Experience in the bar area as well as good beverage and cocktail knowledge Great professional and subject-related interest Flexibility and ability to work in a team Good knowledge of German, spoken and written Foreign language skills at least in English We offer you: Above-tariff payment A permanent employment contract A 5-day week working time account with the possibility of compensation Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during the breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Regular employee get-togethers outside of the company Discounts on corporate benefits (cross-industry discounts) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability) We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:43.082000
