8254	10859	Chef Gardemanger (m/f/d) for our main kitchen	Our family-run ****S Hotel EDELWEISS Berchtesgaden is located in the middle of a vibrant pedestrian zone. Our 129 comfort rooms and 4 restaurants promise relaxing days of enjoyment for the whole family. The highlight is the PANORAMA restaurant and the 2000 m² wellness area with a view over the roofs of Berchtesgaden. Our team currently consists of 150 employees. We at the Hotel EDELWEISS are a family-run company in the third generation. Dealing with our guests and employees is always characterized by family friendliness. There is a strong WE feeling in our company and we attach great importance to flat hierarchies and good team spirit. We promote our team spirit with regular events, excursions and doing sports together. We offer our approximately 150 employees an optimal work-life balance in the beautiful and natural surroundings of the Berchtesgadener Land. Together we want to make the Hotel EDELWEISS in Berchtesgaden the best hotel in Germany. Are you motivated to actively support us? Then find out more about our vacancies here. Your tasks: Independent management of a post Team management of 1-2 employees responsible for the half-board area with up to 200 guests and the à la carte area of ​​2 restaurants Warehousing and warehouse organization Help design the daily changing menus and menus Economically sensible and cost-conscious work (cost of goods sold) Compliance with Edelweiss standards and hygiene regulations What you bring with you: Completed vocational training & experience in the same position in the upscale hotel/gastronomy industry Management experience is an advantage Knowledge of all post areas Joy and love of the job Enjoy working in a team Follow new trends in menu design You have sensitivity and creativity High quality awareness You think ahead and recognize sources of error in advance You keep track of your own position even in stressful situations We offer: Subsidy for company pension scheme Free meals including free drinks and coffee 7 days a week Stylish and appropriate employee Clothing in the relevant departments Offer and promotion of training & further education Internal career opportunities & opportunities for advancement Accommodation in the nearby staff house, walking time approx. 5 minutes Use of the spa area (SUN-THU from 6:30 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.) incl. fitness room ( daily from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.) Birthday and Christmas gifts as well as gifts for special occasions such as anniversaries Joint sports activities and team events Bonus if employees recruit employees and they stay with the company for 6 months Bonus for apprentices with good or excellent success at vocational school Free childcare during the opening times Family & Friends rate in consultation and subject to availability Discounts in our main hotel The EDELWEISS Salzburg Mountain Resort Special prices at our cooperation partner and 5 star hotel ?Bio- und Wellnessresort Stanglwirt? in Tirol Free e-bike rental, subject to availability Every employee can enjoy the breakfast buffet and the half-board evening menu free of charge when accompanied (the companion gets -20%) -20% on stays in partner companies of the Leading Spa Resorts -20% when buying all EDELWEISS vouchers at the reception -20% on all F&B services in the house -20% on all beauty products -30% discount on beauty treatments and massages from 9:00 a.m. ? 14:00 clock	Gardemanger	None	2023-03-07 16:07:28.470000
