8184	10789	Chef m/f/d	ELOS GbR operates three different hotels #Palmenwald Schwarzwaldhof, Freudenstadt, Baden Württemberg - Black Forest #Schliffkopf Hotel, Baiersbronn, Baden Württemberg - Black Forest #Hotel Bayern Vital, Bad Reichenhall, Bavaria - Berchtesgadener Land We are passionate hosts and have dedicated ourselves to the upscale hotel industry and gastronomy dedicated. Our goal is to exceed our guests' expectations with every new project. That is why good employees are so important to us. Over the years we have built a team of experts who share our vision and work together to achieve the best possible outcome for our guests. For us, our employees with all their skills are our greatest asset. Apply and be part of our team! For us, our employees with all their skills are our greatest asset! #Palmenwald Schwarzwaldhof #Freudenstadt #Schliffkopf Hotel #Baiersbronn We are looking for you for our team. Choose which hotel you would like to work in. If you don't have a CV to hand, you can still apply to us - just answer the following questions: Have you already worked as a chef (m/f/d)? Have you already worked in comparable positions? Which hotel would you like to apply for? #Corporate Benefits We record your working hours electronically and you can view them at any time Free staff drinks and a freshly cooked dish every day We wash your work clothes free of charge on-site Free use of our fitness area Annual staff events Numerous in-house and many different partner discounts Staff accommodation can be provided on request Your tasks as chef de cuisine the conception and implementation of our culinary offer the professional and disciplinary management of our motivated kitchen team the identification and development of suppliers, preferably with a regional connection the implementation and monitoring of the ordering system as well as the associated business key figures the definition and implementation of quality standards Promoting communication in-house with all departments Duty roster and vacation planning #Your talent You are a good team player You do not like working according to scheme A You have fun and are passionate about cooking and are interested in the gastronomic environment You are creative and curious You have one Successfully completed training as a chef and already gained experience. We are also happy to hire chefs (m/f/d) full-time, part-time and 520 euros. Just contact us, we will get back to you promptly.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:19.930000
