8172	10777	Chef de Partie / Koch m/w/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Fancy a new opening? BE THERE FROM THE BEGINNING! Our new project at Tegernsee awaits you with: an exciting mix of international and local guests a casual, friendly team a great location a high-quality and extraordinary range of restaurants people who are just as motivated and committed as you and who want to open a new one who we are are: Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies, for premium event catering at unusual locations as well as for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 160 employees at 18 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? For our new project at Tegernsee, we are looking for you full-time as Chef de Partie | from summer 2023 Cook (m/f/d) These tasks await you with us: Preparation and preparation of the wide range of dishes Attractive and professional presentation of the dishes Participation in the preparation, planning and organization Ensuring compliance with quality and hygiene standards This is what we want from you: First of all: You are enthusiastic to be part of a new opening from day one, to actively support our motivated team and to offer our guests culinary delights. You also bring: Completed vocational training as a chef (m/f/d) Several years of professional experience Creativity, quality awareness and an eye for detail Independent, structured and independent working methods Good manners, good knowledge of German We would like to convince you with this offer: varied and responsible Tasks in a positively motivated working environment A constantly growing and yet family-run company with short decision-making processes and uncomplicated cooperation A workplace in beautiful surroundings - where others prefer to spend their free time Performance-related remuneration, opportunities for further development and corresponding social benefits Are you interested? Then send us your application today - we look forward to seeing you!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.465000
