8332	10937	Chef de Partie (m/f/d) for our Italian restaurant	The Der Öschberghof resort is located on the outskirts of the town of Donaueschingen, not far from the Black Forest, Lake Constance and Switzerland. After extensive modernization and expansion measures, 127 rooms and suites as well as various restaurants are available to our guests: the fine dining restaurant ÖSCH NOIR with two Michelin stars, the ESSZIMMER, the RISTORANTE & PIZZERIA HEXENWEIHER, and the ÖVENTHÜTTE. The BAR with adjacent SMOKERS OUNGE offers a wide range of spirits and cigars. Our conference center offers 6 conference rooms and a ballroom with 400 square meters. Further highlights are the over 5,000 square meter SPA & GYM as well as the 45-hole golf course with driving range and golf academy. Our team currently consists of around 400 hosts. Due to the numerous and diverse resort areas, we welcome beginners as well as those who are changing careers and want to reorient themselves professionally. As part of the in-house Öschberghof training academy, we offer a wide range of training programs for the continuous development of our hosts. You can also look forward to numerous benefits, such as time recording accurate to the minute and our own staff restaurant. As one of 16 founding members of the Fair Job Hotels e. V., the Öschberghof is actively committed to reforming our industry in the long term and improving the image of the hotel industry. We are looking for a chef de partie (m/f/d) for our Italian restaurant RISTORANTE & PIZZERIA HEXENWEIHER We offer you:   Above-tariff pay as well as holiday and Christmas bonuses Electronic time recording - every second worked is paid for! Regulated working hours through online rosters that you can view at any time with an app Employee trips through Ö-On Tour, as well as many discounts and travel benefits Free GYM and pool use, sports courses Sabbatical models, company pension scheme Work clothes and many other appreciative benefits   Your job: ?. is the management and leadership of a kitchen post ? is the support and representation of the kitchen management? is the management of the kitchen pass and responsible control of the dishes served in deputy? the preparation of the culinary offer? Creative participation in the further development of the kitchen range You: ? has completed training as a chef/cook ? Do you have several years of professional experience in a restaurant/hotel restaurant of a higher category desirable? Are you a communicative personality who has excellent manners and has the charm to win over our guests through your creativity? have an eye for loving details, are reliable, bring a high level of commitment and enjoy a creative kitchen	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:38.007000
