7652	10257	Chef (d/w/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 47166 Duisburg SV Care Catering GmbH Full-time chef (d/f/m) Are you interested in exciting cuisine and fancy a fresh and varied kitchen? Then you are exactly right with us! You move it You lead your kitchen team with heart and mind Together with your employees you conjure up first-class dishes for the residents You have a high degree of creativity and know how to implement this in meal planning By training and promoting your team, you actively control its further development Together with your Operations manager is responsible for compliance with personnel and goods costs, handles the ordering system, inventory and other administrative tasks What you bring to the table Completed training as a chef and initial professional experience in a similar function You are ready to take the next step in your career and develop further Ideally Do you have experience from a community catering or patient care with creativity and a high quality standard Passion for the cooking profession and joy in contact with guests Your advantages with us A permanent employment contract A wage above the collective agreement Free and healthy employee catering We provide and clean your work clothes Numerous internal further training courses in the SV Academy Your Location Your new job is in Duisburg Hamborn. The cafeteria of the Morian Foundation is the everyday oasis for residents and guests. Here you can relax and enjoy your meals. You are a member of our 13-strong team. Together you present our up to 130 residents and guests with a wide range of offers every day: varied menus, crunchy salads, sweet and healthy snacks as well as our first-class coffee variations. In addition to the cafeteria, the residents are also catered for on the floors. Regulated working hours apply in a 2-shift system from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. or from 11.30 a.m. to 7.30 p.m., depending on the roster. You are available flexibly for weekend assignments. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Care Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Christian De Buck, Team Lead HR Recruiting	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:14.539000
