7597	10202	Chef de Rang (m/f/d) for our gourmet restaurant Dichter	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #genuine enjoyment #quiet luxury Every corporate philosophy written down, no matter how beautifully written, only remains on paper if it is not lived by everyone involved. We are an energetic team Great working atmosphere High values ​​and discipline Sensational restaurant ambience 1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points Concept: relaxed, dynamic, passionate, authentic, professional service Required: Enjoy being the host Unconventional Passion Don't feel like stiff gastronomy Team player   Personal. Honest. Heartfelt. Support me and my team to rock the gourmet restaurant Dichter. Your Thomas Kellermann #TKrockt Your tasks: Advice and support for our guests in the selection of food and drinks Running your own station Working independently You support the service team in all activities You have: Completed training and several years of professional experience in upscale gastronomy Large professional and specialist Interest Flexibility and ability to work in a team Good spoken and written German Language skills at least in English We offer you: Pay above the collective bargaining agreement A permanent employment contract A 5-day week working time account with the possibility of balancing out Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Regular employee get-togethers outside the home Discounts on corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability) We look forward to Your application! Please send your application to our human resources manager Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de. Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.779000
