7731	10336	Chef de rang / Servicefachkraft m/w/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Fancy a new opening? BE THERE FROM THE BEGINNING! Our new project at Tegernsee awaits you with: an exciting mix of international and local guests a casual, friendly team a great location a high-quality and exceptional range of restaurants people who are just as motivated and committed as you and who want to open a new one who we are are: Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies, for premium event catering at unusual locations as well as for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 180 employees at 16 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? For our new project at Lake Tegernsee, we are looking for full-time or part-time service staff (m/f/d) from summer 2023. These tasks await you with us: You welcome and look after our guests with your warmth. You enjoy communicating with guests and giving advice to our offer You support our team from mise-en-place activities, beverage and food service, cashier work to the daily follow-up work You are responsible for compliance with quality and hygiene standards What we want from you: First of all: You are enthusiastic about a new opening to be there from day one, to actively support our motivated team and to be a passionate host. You also bring along: You have several years of experience in the service sector or completed vocational training in the restaurant or hotel industry You have a high quality awareness and an eye for detail You like to work in a structured manner and have an independent way of working You have a positive charisma and good manners and good knowledge of German We would like to convince you with this offer: varied and responsible tasks in a positively motivated working environment a constantly growing and yet family-run company with short decision-making processes and uncomplicated cooperation a workplace in beautiful surroundings - where others prefer to spend their free time performance-oriented Compensation, further development opportunities and corresponding social benefits Are you interested? Then send us your application today - we look forward to seeing you!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:24.231000
