7234	9839	chef	For our Hotel Bussi Baby we are looking for a chef (m/f/d) Full-time tasks and area of ​​responsibility Responsible for all organizational and operational matters to ensure smooth kitchen processes. Compliance & improvement of quality standards. Implementation of new concepts in cooperation with the F&B management. Creation of the menus for all gastronomic facilities of the company. Ensuring appropriate and hygienic storage of food. Implementation of department-specific employee training in the kitchen area. Duty and vacation plan design in cooperation with the management. Avoiding overproduction. Cost-conscious work. Compliance with legal regulations under the Food Act. Requirements Completed professional training as a chef. Several years of well-founded professional experience in various positions in the kitchen. communication skills and reliability. Experience in leadership. Outstanding commitment, willingness to provide services and great interest in a team-oriented way of working. Friendly and warm demeanor. employee benefits. WE PROTECT YOU GOOD Retirement provision. supplementary health insurance. Private accident insurance. HERE YOU CAN SAVE Family & Friends discounts in the Bachmair Weissach world and at partner hotels/ private hoteliers. 50% employee discount in the restaurants of the Bachmair Weissach World. 50% discount in the Bachmair Weissach shop. Discounts in the Corporate Benefits shopping portal. YOUR WELL-BEING IS IMPORTANT TO US Payment of the entry fee for the Tegernsee Run. WE PROMOTE AND SUPPORT YOU Covering the costs of the in-house German courses. Individual further education support. staff house. Childcare. NEW: Upon entry you will receive a welcome bonus of €1,000.00! Contact Have we aroused your interest? We look forward to seeing you at the Hotel Bussi Baby - you are welcome to send us your application by email. Please refer to career account in your application, thank you. If you have any questions, we are also happy to answer them by phone in advance	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:05:23.427000
