7785	10390	Chef (*) - weekend and holiday surcharges	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and committed support for our sophisticated senior citizens' facility in Heidelberg with fresh kitchen. Therefore we are looking for you as a... cook (*) - weekend and public holiday surcharges Office: Heidelberg, Neckar full-time (Monday - Sunday: 6:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m., in a 5-day week) job -Number: 6902-22-5134 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Completed professional training as a chef Experience in community catering is an advantage Enjoy working with fresh and regional food Very good manners and enjoy dealing with older people Creativity for varied dishes Main course . .. and what to expect A friendly team With us you can still be a chef, spoil our guests with fresh dishes Be the host, convince with a friendly demeanor We are a team? We support each other in all areas Cleaning the workplace according to our internal hygiene standards Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and reasonable remuneration, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy for company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours without partial service Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Sarah Taieg, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:30.836000
