3532	6137	Chemical laboratory assistant, CTA - synthesis of molecules, bioanalysis	The Helmholtz Institute for Pharmaceutical Research Saarland (HIPS), Working Group on Drug Design and Optimization (DDOP), is looking for a


Chemical laboratory assistant (m/f/d)

The Helmholtz Institute for Pharmaceutical Research Saarland (HIPS) was founded in 2009 as the site of the Helmholtz Center for Infection Research (HZI) together with Saarland University and is the first publicly funded, non-university research institution in Germany that is explicitly dedicated to pharmaceutical research is dedicated. The focus of the HIPS is on the discovery and development of new active ingredients against infectious diseases.

The HIPS researchers work closely with Saarland University and the local pharmaceutical industry, as well as with national and international research institutions and companies. Since 2009, the HIPS has grown continuously to over 220 employees in 2023 and is currently being expanded spatially and thematically with funds from the state and the federal government. As part of this measure, the existing research priorities of the HIPS will be strengthened and supplemented by methods of bioinformatics and microbiota research. In order to cope with the increasing number of researchers at HIPS, new laboratory and office space will be set up in the coming years.
 In the working group "Drug Design and Optimization (DDOP)" novel antibiotics against bacterial diseases are developed and their antimicrobial effect is examined. The focus is on pathogens such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Mycobacterum tuberculosis, as well as parasitic and viral pathogens. You support the scientific team in the synthesis of small organic molecules as inhibitors of our target proteins and thus contribute to the generation of new active substances. You will also help with the bioanalytical examination of these substances. Working on current issues in drug research is just as much a part of your area of ​​responsibility as carrying out general work in ongoing laboratory operations. So are e.g. For example, knowledge of handling and maintaining laboratory equipment is also advantageous.
 
You have completed vocational training as a chemical laboratory assistant, chemical-technical assistant, or a comparable qualification and are interested in issues from pharmaceutical research.
Sound knowledge in the synthesis of small organic molecules is expected.
In addition, experience with common analytical methods (NMR spectroscopy, LC-MS) and the willingness to learn new methods are required.
Experience with the biological evaluation of drug candidates is advantageous, e.g. B. using MS-based methods.
Basic communication skills in English and the safe use of standard computer software such as MS Office (required) or Xcalibur (advantageous) should be given.
 
A varied, interesting job with a chemical focus in antibiotics research in an international team.
State-of-the-art workstation equipment
Additional public service benefits
Flexible working hours and workplace design


The hiring will take place at the Helmholtz Center for Infection Research GmbH in Braunschweig, place of work is Saarbrücken.
Severely disabled persons are given preference if they have the same professional qualifications. In order to protect your rights, we ask you to give us a clearly recognizable indication of the existence of a severe disability in your cover letter or CV.
The HZI strives for professional equality between women and men. The position is part-time.

Hiring date: As soon as possible - initially limited to 12 months
Remuneration: E 7 TVöD/Federal
Working time: 39 hours per week
Place of work: Saarbrücken
Trial period: 6 weeks
Application deadline: 03/21/2023...	chemist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:47.738000
