3537	6142	Chemical laboratory technician, chemist - trainer for chemical laboratory technicians	Instructor for chemical laboratory assistants (m|f|d)
Join us in shaping the future of biomedicine and make cancer history. For more than 30 years we have been developing unique solutions for cutting-edge biomedical research as well as novel cell and gene therapies. We help revolutionize the way medicine works to defeat cancer and other serious diseases. We are characterized by a working environment that is characterized by creativity and independent work. More than 4,400 people from over 50 countries work together at Miltenyi Biotec, they are the basis of our sustainable success. Since 2020, Miltenyi Biotec has been successfully training people to become chemical laboratory assistants in order to further strengthen the laboratory area and to pass on the knowledge of our innovative technologies to the next generation at an early stage. In order to further expand the training area, we are looking for a reinforcement for our team with immediate effect.

You make an important contribution to recruiting young talent at Miltenyi Biotec by training our chemical laboratory assistants on the basis of the IHK framework plan and the internal training plan together with the other trainers.
They convey the practical training content and its implementation, including the corresponding theory and the correction of the work.
You will also plan and organize the schedule of the training in cooperation with the various training stations in research & development, (clinical) production and quality control.
Our trainees accompany you from the time you are hired to the end of your vocational training and are at your side with your specialist knowledge and your "life experience".
 
Your training as a chemical laboratory assistant, chemical technician, CTA, or B.Sc. you have successfully completed your degree in chemistry and you have several years of professional experience in the laboratory area.
You are technically and theoretically well versed in the various chemical fields (including organic/inorganic synthesis, chromatography, analytics such as HPLC, GC, spectroscopy, etc.) Ideally, you have basic knowledge in biochemistry and biotechnology.
You already have initial experience in supervising and guiding trainees or interns. An AEVO certificate would be an advantage, but not a must.
You find it easy to impart knowledge and you enjoy passing on your knowledge to young people. Pedagogical skills are one of your strengths.
Your organizational talent and your flexibility, as well as good language skills (German/English) round off your profile.
 
Working according to free and self-determined time management
Intercultural cooperation across national borders
Freedom to get involved creatively and to actively participate
Individual training at our Miltenyi University as the core of the Miltenyi DNA
30+ days vacation, job ticket, (e) bike leasing, company pension scheme and many other offers	chemist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:48.353000
