7285	9890	Chief of Party (m/w/d) Sommer 2023	Welcome to the STOCK team... We will strengthen our team with a Chef de Partie (m/f/d) from May 15th, 2023 or by arrangement. Your tasks Independent management of a post. Preparation of all cold and warm dishes within the framework of classic Austrian and international cuisine. Management of the assigned employees on the post. Coordination and consultation with the kitchen management. Participation in the design of the menu plan. Working at the highest quality. Compliance with HACCP guidelines. Your profile Completed training as a chef with in-depth knowledge of food and products. several years of professional experience in this or a similar position. Management experience in this or a similar position of at least 1 year. Knowledge of national and international cuisine. Knowledge of HACCP guidelines. Team player, punctual and resilient personality. Clean and economical way of working. Ability to work independently . Your advantages Secure job in a modern, family-run company. 13th and 14th monthly salary . Regulated working hours with a 5-day week & digital time recording. Participation in the roster through roster requests. no other living expenses due to the free meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner, as well as coffee and cake). unique staff lodge with rooftop pool, sauna, infrared cabin, gym, gambling room, free WiFi access. state-of-the-art rooms and apartments with private bathrooms, TV, cooking facilities, terrace or balcony. Targeted introduction and training through our on-boarding system. Personal training voucher worth €400 per year. an attractive location where you can combine work and leisure. 20% discount on all products and services in the house. 50% discount on overnight stays in all member hotels of the Best Alpine Wellness Hotels. STOCK TEAM Bonus Card with many benefits and discounts throughout the Zillertal. Free charging facilities for electric vehicles. Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to your application to: STOCK*****s resort, Dorf 142, 6292 Finkenberg or by e-mail to	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:05:29.629000
