8387	10992	Chief of Party (m/w/d)	Chef de partie (m/f/d) Full-time chef de partie (m/f/d) With professional experience Bonn restaurants & gastronomy immediately The Ludwig?s is in a unique location right on the banks of the Rhine at the Bonner Bogen. Embedded in the premises of the Kameha Grand Bonn, Ludwig's is run independently by a young and ambitious team. Our passion: innovative dishes, high-quality ingredients and delighting our guests with new flavor combinations. We attach great importance to an individual and personal approach to our guests, because for us there is nothing better than connecting with like-minded people. To strengthen our team, we are looking for a Demichef de Rang (m/f/d) - become part of the motivated and ambitious Ludwig?s team in a unique location directly on the Rhine! These are your tasks Implementation of new dishes Independent management of a position Development and creation of new creations in close cooperation with the team Ensuring the mise en place Creative input & collaboration Cooperative work in a team Ideally, you bring this with a passion for cooking and the profession Successfully completed Training as a chef A high degree of responsibility and determination Organizational skills, independent and economical work Distinct quality awareness and commitment Representation of the restaurant through a positive image Hands-on mentality Teamwork and flexibility This is what we offer you Varied tasks in a growing, modern group of companies A Variety of personal development opportunities Holiday and Christmas bonuses Numerous benefits within the group of companies (e.g. free Visiolife membership) Employee development events Apply now! We look forward to receiving your application with a CV and relevant copies of certificates. A cover letter is not prohibited, but not mandatory. Not the right position advertised? We still want to get to know you? simply apply proactively! Because we are always looking for committed people for our teams and look forward to finding the right job for you with us. There are many entry opportunities! If you have any questions before or about your application, please feel free to contact us by phone. Helen Krause Junior Human Resources Manager +49 228 4334 5941 Follow us on Any questions? Just call: +49 228 4334 5941	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:44.775000
