9409	12014	Civil engineering construction manager (w/m/d)	Do you want to take the next step in your career? At Brunel you have it
the opportunity to continuously develop yourself with well-known customers -
and across industries. Take the decisive step today
your career and apply to us as a site manager for civil engineering.

Job description:
- You are in contact with building authorities and demonstrate negotiating skills - You are responsible for the coordination, process control and optimization of processes - You ensure and document the exchange between different management bodies - You make a significant contribution to budget planning, including monthly financial statements and compliance with them

Your profile:
- A degree in engineering or equivalent training in the fields of civil engineering and road construction, electrical engineering and similar professions - First experience in underground cable construction - Knowledge in the areas of FTTX - You like to travel and love the professional variety - You are familiar with current safety and barrier regulations

We offer:
Working at Brunel means diversity - from medium-sized companies to hidden champions to DAX companies; whether road, ship, rail, air or space; traditional or innovative; from development to finished product; national or international; from young professionals to experienced professionals. We offer you countless opportunities to help shape technological progress, and all of this with a single employer.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	site manager	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:50.133000
