3538	6143	Civil engineer traffic planning - team leader traffic facilities	About Us:
With around 70,000 inhabitants, the city of Celle is a regional center in the Hanover economic area. The district town surprises with a great variety of national and international industries and companies. In the city of Celle, more than 1,000 employees in various professions see themselves as service providers for our citizens.

Do you have visions for a modern city administration? With your ideas, your zest for action and your team spirit, a vision becomes a design plan that we not only put on paper together, but directly into the heart of our city!

The residential city of Celle is looking for a person as soon as possible

Civil engineer (d/m/f)

Do you have a bachelor's (Dipl.-Ing FH) or master's degree (Dipl.-Ing) in civil engineering or traffic planning?

Are you experienced in project planning, creation or implementation of road construction measures, traffic planning or mobility concepts?

Do you like working in a cooperative team and assume responsibility for it as a deputy specialist service manager?
Project planning, coordination and support of external offices in the field of engineering services for traffic systems
Creation of engineering services as well as planning for traffic systems on one's own responsibility
Developing, updating and implementing integrated traffic planning and mobility concepts including a noise action plan
Management and coordination of employees in the planning area
project-related financing planning and participation in budget coordination
Participation in committees and working groups
Deputy Head of Civil Engineering
 
The formal requirement for a successful application is a successful Bachelor's or Master's degree in civil engineering or transport planning. At least three years of professional experience in civil engineering, preferably in traffic planning, is desirable.

For a successful application as a civil servant (d/m/f), qualification for career group 2, 1st entry office, specializing in technical services (formerly higher service) is required.

In addition, command of the German language at language level C1 and a category B (Alt 3) driving license are required.

In addition, we expect:
Professional competence:


In-depth knowledge of the FGSV guidelines, StVO, StrG etc.
In-depth knowledge of HOAI and VOB/A and/B
Knowledge of public procurement, budget and construction law

Social competence:


teamwork
critical ability
service-oriented action

Methodical competence:


Coordination skills and goal-oriented action
economic behavior

Personal Competence:


sense of responsibility
assertiveness
 
a permanent full-time position with 39.0 hours per week in a modern city administration. The position is suitable for part-time work provided that at least 35 hours per week are worked.
Pay according to wage group 12 TVöD, which according to individual experience at the start of employment ranges from €3,753 to €5,977 gross.
if the civil service requirements are met, employment as a civil servant or a transfer may also be considered. The position is rated according to salary group A13 NBesG, which according to individual experience at the start of employment ranges from €4,352 to €5,063 gross.
performance-related payment, annual special payment, additional pension (VBL) etc.
in addition to professional security, an attractive, diverse and flexible working environment.
As a family-friendly employer, we offer flexible working hours without core working hours and support in reconciling family and work.
Comprehensive training and further education opportunities within the framework of personnel development.
a qualified and reliable childcare facility for children under the age of three in the city crèche...	Engineer - Construction	None	2023-03-07 15:57:48.479000
