8059	10664	Claims management clerk (m/f/d) - full-time/part-time	You need more BUMMS in your life? A popping - squeaking - grinding, makes your engine purr contentedly? Then we have the right job for you! The SIXT fleet is growing and so is the number of claims for which we are looking for new colleagues (m/f/d). As a clerk (m/f/d) in claims management, you are responsible for processing the damage to our high-quality vehicles. Around 130 diligent investigators from different teams get to the bottom of the damage here in Grubenstrasse - and nothing goes undetected. Is there a Sherlock Holmes in you too? Then dive into the orange world. We look forward to seeing you! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: Min. 2,610? (gross)/month Starting salary for full-time + bonus system + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regular working hours MOBILE WORK: From now on you can decide from where you want your Want to start work: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and an RSAG job ticket or free Parking spaces DEVELOPMENT: You want more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring: You question the right details and like to prove that you have the right instinct Do you speak German at native level and do you dare to make small talk in English? We have the vocabulary for the car. You can use the standard MS Office? We will show you SIXT's own programs You are a team player and keep an overview even in turbulent times You would like to take on some responsibility and have your own decision-making framework What you do with us: You are responsible for the administrative processing of our claims files - and that brings benefits really a lot of variety with itself. You assess new damage to our vehicles based on the available photos and decide whether an expert needs to be commissioned to prepare an expert opinion. Would you like to know how the damage occurred? Then initiate the clarification of the facts and contact our customers, our stations, insurance companies, the police or the public prosecutor's office in writing or by telephone. Information missing? You do the research until the cause of the damage, the cause and the causality have been clarified. So that you can make a well-founded decision in every claim file, taking into account all the information available, you will receive a full three-month training period from us with a full salary. Sounds good? Then don't hesitate, apply now! Additional information Your area of ​​work: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. Cleverness and thinking outside the box is required in our assistant functions, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues facilitates cooperation. Keeping your back free for content-related topics and making everyday work work is a daily challenge here. In a great team that sticks together, however, these challenges are easy to master. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners we are in more than 110 countries a	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:04.627000
