8366	10971	Cleaning staff / chambermaid (m/f/d)	Your workplace in Garmisch-Partenkirchen is in a top location. Here one postcard backdrop follows the next: Whether the idyllic Eibsee or the Zugspitze - Upper Bavaria has wonderful views in store. And the market town itself has a lot to offer: strolling through the center of Garmisch or the historic Ludwigstraße in Partenkirchen, the ski jump or just the view of Germany's highest mountain. Garmisch-Partenkirchen has a lot in store for a balanced end of the day with colleagues. And happy guests and great colleagues await you in your aja. The perfect work-life balance! The most beautiful prospects ahead: aja offers holidays in the best location in the middle of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in summer as well as in winter and not far from the Zugspitze. In the heart of Bavaria, we welcome great guests to our centrally located hotel every day and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: Cleaning the rooms, corridors, office on the floor and elevators as well as order and security on the floors and in the office areas Daily inspection of the equipment for functionality Designing or supplementing the specified equipment (materials, brochures, etc.) Adding additional beds Sleeping facilities in the rooms if required Give the guests the aja holiday feeling at any time You bring with you: Qualification as a housekeeper, specialist in the hospitality industry, building cleaning or similar or corresponding professional experience - we would be happy to train you! Well-founded specialist knowledge in the care of high-quality facilities as well as in laundry care Attention to detail and an eye for cleanliness Guest and service orientation A friendly and polite demeanor Reliability, honesty, resilience, ability to work in a team We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to join feel comfortable in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and with other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program CAMPUS you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen Ms?Evelyn Baumann Administrative Assistant Olympiastraße 30 82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen +49 (0) 8821 8209-2556 verwaltung.garmisch-partenkirchen@aja.de www.aja.de	Helper - cleaning	None	2023-03-07 16:07:42.205000
