7043	9648	cleaning person	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. As a subsidiary of AWO Düsseldorf, AWO.DUS specializes in flexible and innovative offers for Düsseldorf companies. She is experienced in implementing family-friendly personnel policies in a practical and unbureaucratic manner. In the "Catering" division, AWO.DUS supplies public facilities (e.g. schools, day-care centers and homes for the elderly) with high-quality, healthy meals. As a new business area of ​​AWO.DUS GmbH, cleaning services for the in-house facilities of AWO Düsseldorf will be offered in the future (e.g. in senior citizens' facilities, administration offices and day-care centers for children). Therefore, we are looking for motivated cleaning staff (m/f/d) for 7.50 to 30.00 hours per week to carry out maintenance cleaning of the premises and inventory in various AWO facilities. Responsible for proper implementation and cleanliness of cleaning according to cleaning plans (in compliance with regulations for hygiene, occupational safety and environmental protection) Careful handling of furnishings, cleaning equipment and work equipment Responsible for the proper storage of work equipment Duty to inform supervisors and other employees (e.g. reporting repairs) Participation in staff meetings Shared responsibility for creating/maintaining a good working atmosphere in the team Professional experience in of cleaning would be desirable First work experience in cleaning is an advantage, but not absolutely necessary Reliability, honesty, resilience, ability to work in a team Ability and willingness to communicate in a friendly manner with colleagues and superiors Driving license class III desirable German language skills (spoken and written) Severely disabled applicants in the case of equal suitability, special consideration will be given. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus an annual bonus Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Less expensive on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket A committed, appreciative and open team An apprenticeship – many opportunities to work within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many prospects You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Values ​​we live by: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled. An interesting and responsible area of ​​responsibility Participation in the establishment of a new field of employment	Helper - cleaning	None	2023-03-07 16:05:00.004000
