7903	10508	Cleaning staff in early and day shifts (m/f/d) at BELANTIS	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a cleaner in early and day shifts (m/f/d) at BELANTIS! It doesn't matter whether you have experience as a cleaner (m/f/d), in cleaning or facility management: As a park maintenance employee (m/f/d) you will quickly become part of the team and can make your own rounds here at BELANTIS. You clear the paths of rubbish and clean the visitor toilets at regular intervals. All this in a great team, in the fresh air and with adventurous guests who are grateful for your efforts. Become our new park maintenance employee (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in your everyday work You clean the paths of the amusement park, collect garbage with the help of a grab You collect garbage bags with our electric vehicle in the backstage You clean the toilets in accordance with the cleaning plan but also windows or common areas of the office and the technical halls Our benefits A special workplace in an amusement park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has one with us home) Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen ( 2.50 ? for the main meal), discounts from numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers, etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits You are reliable and our team can rely on you You are tidy and have a sense of cleanliness You are physically resilient and can stand and walk during the shift without any problems You understand and speak German Ideally, but not a must, you have a driver's license Your adventure A seasonal job from mid-March to at least October 31, 2023 with great certainty that you will be there again in the 2024 season Your working hours early or day shift during park opening hours, including weekends, in the holidays or on public holidays Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h Working method & team You are part of a four-person team and you share the shift with your colleagues Your start From the middle / end of March     Convinced? Then apply with your CV and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	Helper - cleaning	None	2023-03-07 16:06:45.420000
