6178	8783	Clerk (m/f/d) in service and quality management	Bahlsen is one of the best-known German family companies. Since it was founded in 1889, the name has stood for reliable, consistent and future-oriented action, well-known brands such as BAHLSEN, LEIBNIZ, PiCK UP! and RAWBITE, innovative products and profitable growth - nationally and internationally. Bahlsen owes its sustained success to the passion of its approximately 2,700 employees. They are the heart of Bahlsen and together they face the challenges of the future: with curiosity, courage and support.



We are looking for you as
Clerk (m/f/d) in service and quality management
limited until August 31, 2024

Your tasks

You create and process the requirements of delivery notes for sales and accounting.
In addition, you will take over the communication and coordination between freight forwarders, order service, TSP transshipment points and goods acceptance of customers in the event of delivery problems and delays during transport.
You are responsible for monitoring the loading and transport to the customers.
You will be responsible for reviewing breakage and quantity complaints and creating credit/debit memo requests for customers in SAP.
You will also create quality reports and evaluations of freight forwarders and customers.
You carry out the preparation of bonus and malus statements and are responsible for the organisation, monitoring of the return and posting of the returned goods in SAP.
The acceptance, written recording and control of returned goods is part of your area of ​​responsibility. This also includes the sorting and storage of the returned goods.


your profile

You have completed commercial training and ideally have several years of professional experience in the field of activity mentioned.
You have a high level of service orientation and always keep a cool head.
You bring a high degree of resilience and organizational talent and are able to react flexibly to changing conditions.
You have basic knowledge of the standard Microsoft Office and Google Workspace tools
You round off your profile with user knowledge of SAP.



We offer

An attractive and performance-related remuneration including a 13th salary as well as vacation pay and 30 days annual vacation plus Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve
The opportunity to be physically active through company discounts
Discounts on the products in our outlets
The opportunity to use the transport of the GVH with the job ticket at good conditions
A company pension scheme, extensive social benefits and numerous further training opportunities
A working environment characterized by the values ​​of curiosity, courage and support
Short decision paths and flat hierarchies
Discounts exclusively for employees at certain partner companies

 Did you get a taste for it? Then please apply, stating your salary expectations, on our careers page: www.bahlsen.jobs

Bahlsen GmbH & Co. KG
 logistics center
 Contact:
 Alessa Hartman	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:03:14.235000
