3650	6255	Clerk (f/m/d) for the referee...	# We are looking for you # Processing __________________________ The Hessian Ministry for Economic Affairs, Energy, Transport and Housing is a supreme state authority based in Wiesbaden and a branch office at Frankfurt/Main Airport. It is one of nine ministries in the state of Hesse. The wide range of topics offers interesting tasks with interfaces between politics and administration. The Hessian Ministry of Economic Affairs, Energy, Transport and Housing is looking for two clerks (f/m/d) for Department IV 2 "Crafts, SMEs, Trade, Business Law" up to EntgGr. 11 TV H. The appointment is initially limited to a period of 18 months or two years. For civil servants, a rotation/secondment may be considered. The department is the point of contact for the interests of medium-sized businesses in Hesse. We work on both industry-specific topics such as crafts or retail as well as overarching issues such as in the area of ​​business start-ups and company succession. In addition, we are responsible for a number of cross-sectional tasks in the department, house and department-wide. These include u. the departmental legal department, departmental controlling and the preparation of the Hessian SME report. As a funding department, we initiate and oversee funding projects that contribute in particular to increasing the willingness to start a business and to strengthening the competitiveness and performance of SMEs, and we are responsible for the interdepartmental and cross-departmental guidelines of the State of Hesse for the promotion of start-ups and medium-sized businesses. RESPONSIBILITIES You will support the department in the planning and implementation of funding projects. This also includes the preparation and follow-up of project discussions along with logging and the cooperation with the Hessen Economic and Infrastructure Bank Appointment preparations and inquiries - in particular through evaluation and delivery of project and subject-related information as well as independent preparation of status notes You are involved in the preparation of the Hessian SME report with EDUCATION / KNOWLEDGE You are a graduate in administration, administration specialist, graduate finance manager or Diplom-Finanzwirt or have a university degree (bachelor’s degree/ FH diploma) in administrative sciences, finance or economics You have basic knowledge of budget and grant law as well as administrative law and action Ideally, you have initial professional experience in public service and in Area of ​​planning and implementation of funding measures with state and EU structural funds YOU BRING YOU WITH YOU You have a high affinity for numbers and enjoy working on projects. You are interested in the subject areas of the presentation, have an understanding of economic and financial relationships and the ability to quickly familiarize yourself with new subject areas and areas of responsibility. You have very good verbal and written expression, a confident, committed demeanor, sociability, organizational skills and creativity. You have a high degree of responsibility and commitment, work result-oriented, independently and at the same time enjoy working in a team. You work independently and in a structured manner, even under tight deadlines. You enjoy diverse and complex tasks and are open to supporting colleagues beyond the boundaries of the department. You are confident in dealing with the current Office Standard So	Administrative clerk - state administration	None	2023-03-07 15:58:02.281000
