2741	5346	Clerk insurance m/f/d	About the job

Do you work in an organized manner and have a strong customer and service orientation? Then read on! For our customer from the insurance industry, who has established itself on the market with a wide range of services, we are looking for an insurance clerk (m/f/d) for composite insurance. The position is direct placement and is available immediately.

Apply to us today!

requirement profile

- You can provide evidence of completed professional training in the insurance sector
- You already have some professional experience as an insurance clerk (m/f/d)
- You work in a problem-solving, service- and service-oriented manner

area of ​​responsibility

- You take over the case-closing processing in the field of composite damage
- You will process telephone and written inquiries for initial and follow-up contacts
- You take over the identification of recourse claims and fraud attempts
- You handle all administrative work

We offer

- Thanks to individual advice, the area, the working environment and the offers that suit you
- Entry into or advancement or change in your (dream) job as an insurance clerk (m/f/d)
- A regular employment contract, secure wages according to collective agreements and lots of strong additional benefits
- You can find out more about the advantages and special features on our homepage - and in a personal conversation

About the job

Do you work in an organized manner and have a strong customer and service orientation? Then read on! For our customer from the insurance industry, who has established itself on the market with a wide range of services, we are looking for an insurance clerk (m/f/d) for composite insurance. The position is direct placement and is available immediately.

Apply to us today!

About Us

We find jobs for people and people for jobs. As a traditional and modern family business, we have been in Berlin since 2004 and offer individually tailored solutions in the field of personnel services. Here we have specialized in the temporary employment and personnel placement as well as the certified job placement of specialists and managers from the commercial sector.

What drives us?

Openness, courage and creative drive. We are always on the move, preserve our values ​​and influence the regional labor market as active shapers of the future. The result is just good work.

Welcome!

Have we piqued your interest?

Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application including current certificates. This job as an insurance clerk (m/f/d) suits you if you are also interested in an insurance specialist (m/f/d), insurance employee (m/f/d) or insurance specialist (m/f/d). .

In your application, please be sure to state the reference number 6392 as well as your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date.

Please do not bother to apply for several positions that interest you. We are familiar with all our vacancies and offers and therefore always check your documents for suitability with regard to all possible possible applications with our customers based on your qualifications.

contact person

Your recruiting team

T: +493020962523

aventa Personnel Management GmbH

Friedrichstrasse 95

10117 Berlin	insurance clerk	Our owner-managed company specializes in the temporary employment and placement of specialists and executives in the areas of office and administration, finance and controlling.

Our customers come from all areas of business, industry and trade. These include national and international groups, large companies and medium-sized companies.

For these customers, we are constantly on the lookout for qualified and committed employees either for temporary employment or for recruitment. Get to know us and see for yourself.

...because staff is a matter of trust!	2023-03-07 15:56:10.275000
