8949	11554	Clerk (m/f/d) export/customs clearance	BERA has been bringing companies and talents together competently, reliably and passionately for over 20 years. We open the doors to the most exciting companies in the region and offer you the opportunity to contribute your knowledge and skills to our customers in a wide variety of industries and areas. We always keep a close eye on your work well-being. This means that we will get you exactly the job that you feel comfortable with.
If you are a qualified commercial specialist with relevant experience and would like to break new ground professionally, then we have something for you! Start a permanent position at BERA and support our customer, a leading global provider of packaging solutions in the Uffenheim area.

Export clerk (m/f/d)

Job ID: 614
Location: Uffenheim
Working time: 38 - 40 hours per week

Our work wellbeing promise
- Your permanent position: You get a permanent employment contract – guaranteed!
- Your salary: At BERA you will receive the best payment (tariff wage including holiday and Christmas bonuses, as well as bonuses and wage increases) as well as a subsidy for company pension schemes.
- Your working hours: We ensure that work becomes a positive part of your life and that you can use a working time account to easily compensate for any overtime with free time.
- Your support: We are always available for you, regularly inspect your workplace and will be happy to advise you competently.

That awaits you
Responsibility: You independently create the export and export documents as well as customs and export-relevant transport documents.
Communicate: You look after the international customer base with all questions relating to order processing.
Manage: You create and maintain the customer master data in the CRM and ERP systems.

You bring that with you
- Qualification: You have completed training as a merchant (m/f/d) in wholesale and foreign trade, forwarding agent (m/f/d) or similar.
- Expertise: You bring in-depth knowledge of export, customs and foreign trade matters as well as a good command of English.
- Personality: Your way of working is characterized by conscientiousness and initiative.

Interested and motivated?
Would you like to start your career in a successful company in the region? Then use the application form or send us your application documents with your CV and certificates by e-mail.
Collective agreement: BAP
Salary group: From EG 4 + overtariff allowances	Merchant - wholesale and foreign trade manag. (foreign trade)	With 9 branches, BERA GmbH is one of the largest employers in the region and offers you a secure job and prospects for your professional future. As a companion and career partner for our employees, we would like to work successfully with you in the long term.

Regardless of whether you are working for an interesting company or in the context of personnel recruitment - we will help you to find a job that corresponds to your skills and abilities. With BERA you have a competent and reliable partner at your side who brings in all his experience to enable you to have a safe and successful future. Contact us!	2023-03-07 16:08:53.612000
