6151	8756	Clerk (f/m/d) for the testing and municipal supervision department	The district of Tübingen offers first-class future prospects and a high quality of life. The best conditions for your professional career in our modern and service-oriented district office with a wide range of tasks.
  The Tübingen district office is looking for a person for its self-assessment and municipal supervision department as soon as possible

  Clerk (f/m/d)
  for the Department of Audit and Municipal Supervision

  Your area of ​​responsibility includes in particular:

 Office of the district returning officer for local and parliamentary elections
 Processing of municipal law issues
 Feedback and advice to the municipalities on statute law
 Focus tests in various areas of responsibility of the district office

We expect from you:

 a completed degree. Bachelor of Arts -Public Management- or Dipl. Verwaltungswirt*in (FH) or lawyer*in
 Knowledge of municipal law and electoral law is desirable, preferably with practical experience
 Self-motivation and the flexibility to familiarize yourself with different areas of law again and again
 Methodological competence and computer skills
 good written and verbal communication skills

We offer you:

 a permanent part-time position in Bes. Gr. A 11/ EG 10 TVöD with an employment volume of 80-100%
 a personnel development concept with extensive personal training and further education opportunities
 Equal opportunity plan and company health management
 very good framework conditions for the compatibility of family and work, in particular flexible working time models and the possibility of alternating home office
 an attractive job in a modern district administration with an appreciative corporate culture
 Subsidy for the job ticket and other support within the framework of mobility management

We consider severely disabled or equivalent applicants according to the objectives of the severely disabled person's law.

            Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to it!

           You can get more information from the head of the self-assessment and municipal supervision department, Ms. Schmid, Tel. 07071 207-5101. Please apply via our online portal https://www.mein-check-in.de/kreis-tuebingen by March 24, 2023 at the latest (reference number 52/2023).	Jurist/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.906000
