6150	8755	Clerk (m/f/d) event management and travel management (full-time/part-time)	Becker Buttner Held

Pioneering out of conviction.

As the BBH Group, we develop tailor-made solutions for the legal, business, tax and strategic challenges of our clients. Through forward-thinking, decisive action and constant further development, we offer companies from all sectors, including the energy and infrastructure industry, full-service advice at the highest level: legal advice, auditing, tax advice, management consulting and neighborhood development.
All of this would be unthinkable without a strong team. That is why around 600 employees in Berlin, Munich, Cologne, Hamburg, Stuttgart, Erfurt and Brussels support our clients in front of and behind the scenes.
We look forward to support from a

Clerk (m/f/d) event management and travel management (full-time/part-time) in Munich

your area of ​​responsibility

Active support of the event management and travel management team in day-to-day business
Organisation, planning and monitoring of trade fairs and events
Correspondence with relevant service providers
Cross-location bookings of business trips by all BBH employees

Your skills

Apprenticeship as a travel agent, hotel clerk or tourism clerk, or a comparable qualification
Career entrant or initial work experience in a comparable position
Organizational talent, a conscientious way of working and fun working in a team
Willingness to travel to trade fairs/events

That's what we have to offer

At BBH you will work in a modern working environment with centrally located locations. No day is like the other! You will solve exciting problems in an interdisciplinary manner together with colleagues. At the same time, we encourage your personal development. Of course we have more to offer:
Monthly travel allowance of EUR 90.00
Daycare allowance: Parents receive tax-privileged support from BBH for daycare costs that vary from state to state, but no more than EUR 100.00 per month
Work-life balance, thanks to flexible working hours, part-time models, mobile working and continued payment of wages for the first 5 days of the year when children are ill
Employer-funded pension
Company health management to promote mental and physical health

Still not enough? The full list of our benefits can be found here.

Already convinced of BBH? Let's get to know each other personally! Apply easily via our
Online portal .


If you have any further questions, do not hesitate to contact us.
You can find more information about Becker Büttner Held here: https://www.die-bbh-gruppe.de/


 Sabina Schmidbauer

HR Advisor Recruiting
 +49(0)89 23 11 64-168 sabina.schmidbauer@bbh-online.de

For the online application	Travel agent	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.784000
