7550	10155	Clerk ? Fleet security (m/f/d)	Are you interested in tomorrow's mobility solutions and want to take responsibility for projects in the field of fleet safety? We are looking for an independent and responsible clerk to strengthen our team at our SIXT headquarters in Pullach? Fleet security (m/f/d). The Fleet Intelligence team is the internal organizational and planning unit of the SIXT organization and takes on numerous projects to optimize fleet and vehicle safety. It doesn't matter whether you already have professional experience in this area or not: If you like working on the PC and love independence and responsibility, then apply and start as a clerk in the Fleet Intelligence team? Fleet security (m/f/d) at SIXT in Pullach near Munich. What you do with us: As part of SIXT fleet security, you are significantly involved in the tracking and clarification of cases of embezzlement and fraud. You analyze existing data from reservations, rental contracts, customer accounts and stored customer documents in an investigative manner. You develop in close cooperation with other SIXT departments, and you work in cooperation with external service providers and authorities to recover vehicles - Continue to ensure and optimize the fleet What you bring with you: You have successfully completed commercial training, e.g. in the field of office communication, and have initial professional experience You work independently, reliably and trustingly in dealing with sensitive customer data You have a high service orientation, sense of responsibility , reliability and discretion You are familiar with the common MS Office programs (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and like to familiarize yourself with new applications You appreciate working in a team and understand that goals can only be achieved together Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, you can now decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers in all business areas of SIXT SE. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:02.004000
