6147	8752	Clerk for training exams (gn)	Osnabrück - Emsland - County Bentheim


The IHK Osnabrück - Emsland - Grafschaft Bentheim represents the interests of around 65,000 member companies in the region as a public self-government of the regional economy. At the interface between business, politics and administration, she campaigns for business-friendly framework conditions in the IHK district.
We are looking for a full-time (40 hours/week) person for the business area of ​​training and further education as soon as possible

Clerk for training exams (gn)


Your tasks

Independent organisation, implementation and follow-up of training examinations in the commercial area (intermediate and final examinations), which are mainly carried out digitally
Consultation and information talks on exam-related topics
Independent preparation and management of examination board meetings
Supervision of examination board members
Creation of test certificates


your profile

successfully completed vocational training
In-depth knowledge and several years of professional experience in in-company training
Independent and careful way of working and willingness to work
High communication skills, self-confident appearance and strong team awareness
Resilience even under deadline pressure
High IT affinity and good knowledge of common MS Office applications


We offer you

An interesting and varied job with an established employer
a comprehensive and structured induction by helpful colleagues
a modern family-friendly environment with digital infrastructure
flexible working hours, mobile working
market and performance-related remuneration
very good training opportunities
extensive workplace health promotion

Your contact person is Katrin Schmidt, Tel. 0541 353 545.



Apply online now
imprint



Online application: clerk training exams (gn)

×

Thank you for your application!

 We will get back to you immediately.

There was an error submitting your application! Please try again later. If you continue to have problems, please contact our Human Resources department directly.

Personal Data

Salutation*
Please select Miscellaneous Ms. Mr


title
First name*
Last name*
Street and house number*
POSTCODE*
Location*
E-mail*
phone
birth date
More information

Earliest entry date
desired salary*
Do you have a severe disability? (proof required)

How did you hear about us?
Please select Employment Agency IHK Career Page Monster Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung Regio-Jobanzeiger Other Media Stepstone


Investments

Write to*

CV*

Testimonies*

photo

Other facility

Data protection*

  I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms of use.



  Submit	office clerk	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.412000
