6168	8773	Clerk for the Burials and Graves Management department (m/f/x)	Can you identify with our motto "Stuttgart by profession"? Then you will find ideal development opportunities in the state capital of Stuttgart!
 The diversity of our professional fields is also reflected in our diverse staff composition. With us, all applicants (m/f/d) are equally valuable and welcome. We also welcome applications from severely disabled and equal opportunities. Part-time work is also possible in full-time positions, unless otherwise stated in the advertisement.

Clerk for the Burials and Graves Management department (m/f/x)

We are looking for a clerk for the burials and graves management department of the cemeteries department of the Garden, Cemetery and Forestry Office of the state capital of Stuttgart as soon as possible. The position is to be filled indefinitely.
Around 16,000 employees shape public life in the state capital of Stuttgart and ensure that everything runs smoothly in the boiler. At www.stuttgart.de/karriere you will find all the important information about our wide range of career and development opportunities.

The cemeteries department manages the 42 cemeteries of the state capital Stuttgart with a total area of ​​over 210 hectares (approx. 165,000 graves) and mostly historically grown facilities, each with its own character. The work area includes i.a. the management of the rights to use the grave and the digitization of the files. It is a varied, demanding and responsible job.

Your main tasks:
Optimization and conceptual recording and presentation of work processes within the cemeteries department
Determination of needs and procurement of vehicles, devices and digital means or programs as well as the associated market analyzes and visits to trade fairs
Statutory law and drafting of templates
complaint management
Further implementation of digitization in the area of ​​cemeteries
Special tasks of the department head

A change or addition to the area of ​​responsibility remains reserved.

Your profile:
a degree in administration (non-technical administrative service) or Bachelor of Arts - Public Management, administration specialist (employee course II), Bachelor of Law, or in a comparable law degree
Bachelor Professional (completed training as a master craftsman in a cemetery-related or technical profession) with at least two years of relevant professional experience
Specialist knowledge and experience in the areas of responsibility described are an advantage
Very good knowledge of spoken and written German
Good knowledge and experience in general and job-specific IT applications
Negotiation skills, assertiveness and self-assured demeanor as well as appropriate thinking and handling in the sensitive area of ​​cemeteries

confident handling of work peaks
high sense of responsibility and ability to work in a team

Look forward to:
a future-proof job
Work-life balance through flexible working time models
Personal and professional development through a comprehensive range of advanced training courses
a subsidized public transport ticket
employer-funded pension
Discounted lunch in our company restaurants
a committed, supportive team

If all personal and collective bargaining requirements are met, you will be classified in pay group 10 TVöD.
Ms. Blumenthaler will be happy to provide you with further information on the job on 0711 216-93860 or birgit.blumenthaler@stuttgart.de. If you have questions about personnel law regarding the procedure, please contact Mr. Albrecht on 0711 216-93819 or marco.albrecht@stuttgart.de.

Please send applications to our online application portal by March 31, 2023.

If an online application is not possible, you can send us your paper application, stating reference number 67/0017/2023, to the Garden, Cemetery and Forestry Office of the City of Stuttgart, Administration Department, Maybachstraße 3, 70192 Stuttgart.

In the case of a paper application, please only send us copies without plastic sleeves or similar, as there will be no return. After completion of the selection process, all documents will be destroyed.


www.stuttgart.de/stellenangebote	Administrative Clerk - Local Government	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.997000
