6628	9233	Clerk in business administration (f/m/d)	Enrich the state capital Munich as a

Clerk in business administration (f/m/d)

E 10 TV-V, unlimited, full-time or part-time

Procedure number: 20384

Your area of ​​application:

Munich city drainage, business administration department, Friedenstraße 40

Your tasks:

You are responsible for the further development and operation of an internal control system in the area of ​​taxes in the business administration department. This includes the continuous improvement of effectiveness, the implementation of spot checks and the function as a contact person for tax issues. In day-to-day business, you check invoice and order processes for correct account assignment and arrange incoming invoices for payment. You will also be involved in the creation and monitoring of the business plan and in the benchmarking of Munich's urban drainage system.

What you need to bring with you:

 * the career qualification for the third qualification level of the specialist career administration and finance for the technical focus non-technical administrative service as well as several years of professional experience in the tax office, in a tax consultancy firm or in a local government in connection with the taxation of the public sector or a successfully completed degree in an economic or legal subject with a focus on tax law



The following skills are particularly important for the position:

 * Detailed knowledge and experience in tax law (especially in the Value Added Tax Act; also LStG, KStG, GewSt, EStG, EnergieStG, StromStG), knowledge of internal and external accounting (including EBV, HGB, KAG, KommHV-Doppik)
 * Analytical thinking and communication skills



Advantage are:

 * several years of professional experience in the field of taxes
 * SAP knowledge



The City of Munich stands for equality, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination, also when it comes to recruitment. We therefore expect equality and diversity skills from all applicants. You can find more information about the general requirement profile of the City of Munich, which is part of this job advertisement, here.

Do you have questions?

Mr. Peglau, Tel. 089 233-62532, e-mail: malte.peglau@muenchen.de, and Ms. Niederberger, Tel. 089 233-62118, e-mail: damaris.niederberger@muenchen.de (technical questions), and Ms. Fauck, Tel. 089 233-62620, email: denise.fauck@muenchen.de (questions about the application) are at your disposal.

Your application:

If possible, please send us your application by e-mail with meaningful documents such as a position-related cover letter and a current CV in a PDF document to bewerbungen.mse@muenchen.de or by post to Münchner Stadtentwaterung, MSE-PM-O, Friedenstraße 40 , 81671 Munich.

Further information on the state capital Munich, which is part of this job advertisement, can be found at: muenchen.de/rathaus/karriere.	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:04:09.144000
