5001	7606	CNC milling machine operator m/f/d	CNC milling machine operator m/f/d

Location: Deggendorf
Employment type(s): 3-shift
Working time: 35 - 40 hours per week

CNC milling machine operator m/f/d
For our long-standing customer in Deggendorf, we are looking for a CNC milling machine operator (m/f/d) in a permanent position with the best pay.

your benefits
-
Excellent support from your personal contact

-
Long-term commitment with guaranteed chances of being hired

-
above-standard payment with all extras such as Christmas and holiday bonuses as well as all surcharges

-
Varied work and numerous promotion and development opportunities

Your tasks
- Manufacture of parts made of steel, cast iron, aluminum or other non-ferrous metals by machining on CNC-controlled milling machines and machining centers
- Optimization of the manufacturing process
- Working on machining centers

Your skills
- Vocational training as a machining, industrial mechanic, toolmaker or similar
- Possibly already experience in reading work plans
- Handling materials and cutting tools
- Professional experience in CNC machining - milling is an advantage
- Safe handling of measuring equipment such as dial gauges and calipers
- Technical understanding and manual skills

The way to us
Then we should definitely get to know each other! Apply today - we will get in touch with you immediately. A cover letter or CV is not necessary.

Your 3 ways to us:


- Click on "APPLY NOW" or send us an email to jobs.straubing(at)teamkompetent.de
- Call us on 09421 / 788 400 or send us a WhatsApp
- Visit us directly at our branch in Straubing - no appointment necessary.

You can reach us
Dieter Wacker
branch manager

T: 09421 / 788 400
M: 0160 / 363 46 51
jobs.straubing(at)teamkompetent.de

team competent GmbH
staffing services
Kolbstr. 8th
94315 Straubing

Department(s): Manufacturing / Production	CNC milling machine	"Productive together" is our motto.
A partnership and long-term relationship with our customers and employees ensures mutual trust and creates mutual success. This is a principle we live by in our company.

teamkompetent GmbH has been the competent and reliable partner in the field of personnel placement and personnel services since 2003.

You too can use the professional network of teamkompetent for your professional future.

Visit our homepage or simply contact us.	2023-03-07 16:00:49.097000
