5051	7656	CNC milling machine (f/m/d) in small parts production	BS Fischer GmbH is the personnel service provider that has set itself the goal
has found the right job for you in the right company. With us
there are no changing assignments, even short-term orders
are occupied are not a priority for us. Our customers take over
Employees after a short time in long-term and future-oriented
Employment relationships, thanks to our more than 20 years of industry experience, we can
an average of around 50 takeovers per year. Experience the
Personal service and start your next one with us
professional steps.

Our customer is an owner-managed company that has been in business for over 40 years
years in the Hanover region. The specialty of the company is
the drive technology for all areas and industries. By investing in
buildings and state-of-the-art machines, the company has become a market leader in
claim their segment. Your future employer stands out
Series production and small series production of different
drive products. We are looking for this client as soon as possible:

CNC milling cutter (f/m/d) in small parts production

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

* As a cutting machine operator (m/f/d) you are responsible for setting up and programming
and operation of CNC-controlled processing centers.
* Also the setup and retraction of production orders according to plan and
Drawing is one of your responsible tasks.
* By monitoring and optimizing the editing process, you provide
ensure the timely completion of the end products.
* With the conscientious inspection of the products you contribute significantly
contribute to quality assurance.

What sets you apart:

* Through your successfully completed training as a cutting machine operator
(m/f/d), with well-founded professional experience you qualify for this
Workplace.
* Practical experience with machining centers in the field of milling technology
bring with you.
* You can permanently reconcile the 2-shift work with your private life.
* In addition to your professional skills, you are personally convincing
Reliability, flexibility and team spirit.

Your professional future:

* You can expect a varied task in a modern
manufacturing company.
* You will be trained carefully and in a well-organized manner.
* Look forward to attractive remuneration and further training opportunities.	Cutting machine operator	None	2023-03-07 16:00:55.261000
