446	3051	CNC machining mechanic/driller (high-level) (m/f/d)	Together to success!

CNC cutting machine operator/drilling operator (high-level) (m/f/d) in 47803 Krefeld

your future area of ​​responsibility

• Independent set-up, set-up and operation of our boring mills in individual part production based on technical drawings
• Execution and monitoring of timely order processing
• Continuous monitoring and compliance with quality specifications using standard test equipment
• Programming of CNC boring mills ("Heidenhain")
• Cleaning and maintenance of the machines

your profile

Completed training as a cutting machine operator specializing in drilling and milling
Knowledge of CNC programming "Heidenhain" would be very beneficial.
Reading of technical drawings and safe handling of common measuring equipment.
Practical professional experience of at least 5 years in the operation, setup and programming of CNC boring machines.
Independent way of working, motivation and ability to work in a team
Flexibility/willingness to work in shifts and overtime

That is very important to us

Thanks to a good working atmosphere, fast decision-making processes and individual development and training opportunities, we offer talented people of all ages and genders the opportunity to actively and independently shape their professional future.

A supportive and demanding corporate culture, fairness, trust and respectful cooperation contribute to this.

We offer you

30 days of holiday for full-time employees
2 shifts incl. short Fridays
Individual personnel development measures and career paths
Free parking and good public transport connections
Opportunities for e-bike leasing
We are direct, open, honest, friendly and uncomplicated in dealing with each other

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Interviews (in person/video conference) in coordination.

The first steps in your new job!

As a new member of the team, you certainly want to achieve success quickly and independently. We are always at your side during the induction phase with openness and helpfulness. In the first two weeks your daily routine consists of the following topics:

• Factory tour/work safety instruction
• Getting to know future colleagues and contacts
• Training
• Getting to know the internal processes
• Taking on initial tasks in order to find one's way in the new job

Use our support to take over your future area of ​​responsibility independently, step by step.

Have we convinced you?

Then apply directly online using the "Apply now for this job" button, stating your salary expectations and your earliest possible starting date.

Your documents will be forwarded to the relevant department for review. If we see an opportunity for cooperation, we get to know each other personally and discuss all the details. Feedback on your application is a matter of course for us.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. Click on the button directly below.
We look forward to seeing you!	Cutting machine operator	None	2023-03-07 15:51:27.452000
