8969	11574	Commercial Contract Project Manager (f/m/d)	Together we make the difference

Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, railway automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we design mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 38,200 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving.


What are you contributing?

- In your new role you will take over the kfm. Coordination for individual projects across three locations from the offer to delivery within a product family and ensure compliance with quality, deadlines and budget.
- You coordinate the internal and external interfaces involved (e.g. production and sales) and, together with the technical Contract project management the interdisciplinary project team.
- You will also carry out any project tasks (e.g. change management, risk/opportunity management, invoicing, monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements) in accordance with our internal processes and specifications.
- You take over the co-calculation, the regular project controlling and report continuously on the project progress including analysis of deviations.
- In addition, you create offers for sales inquiries.


What are you bringing with you?

- You have a master's degree in economics and several years of experience in the plant business, ideally in the rail vehicle industry.
- Alternatively, you can convince with completed commercial training and extensive experience in the plant business.
- You also score points with very good knowledge of manufacturing processes, ideally in the factory environment (value flows).
- An independent, goal-oriented and committed way of working as well as fluent German and good English skills and a secure handling of SAP (especially SAP value flows) and MS Office complete your profile.


What do we offer you?

Attractive conditions

You will receive an attractive remuneration package including the benefits of the collective agreement (e.g. additional pay and vacation pay) and other extras (e.g. company pension scheme and share program).

purpose

We are pioneers of mobility. With us you make an active contribution to the turnaround in traffic and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

advancement

We offer you comprehensive further training opportunities for your professional and personal development. With our Learning Campus, we have an in-house service provider with a wide range of online and offline offerings.

You can find an overview of our benefits here.


How do you contact us?

www.siemens.de/mobility
if you want to find out more about Siemens before you apply.
+49 (9131) 17 52430
if you would like to clarify initial questions personally with our recruiting team. Contact person for this job advertisement is Mr. Martin Spandel.
www.siemens.de/karriere
if you would like more information about jobs & careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

#LI-MS1	Business economist (university)	We create what others dream of
Curiosity, passion, creativity - there are characteristics that apply to everyone who works at Siemens. And when 385,000 of those people work together, the results become extraordinary.
We analyze, ask questions, find solutions, test and refine. From sketches on café napkins to 3D printed prototypes, we believe brilliant ideas can come from anywhere. Our employees drive their projects forward with passion. We develop and patent more than 7,500 inventions every year all over the world.	2023-03-07 16:08:56.069000
