5920	8525	Communications expert (m/f/d) with administrative tasks	Good medicine requires joint commitment. This is exactly what we are campaigning for – we at the Bavarian State Medical Association. Together with the 63 district medical associations and eight district associations, we represent the interests of over 90,000 doctors in Bavaria. We promote medical training and further education and monitor the fulfillment of medical professional obligations. And we create social institutions for people in this profession and for their families. Communication, cooperation, information: Helping to shape the public health system is exciting and varied. For the press office of the Bavarian State Medical Association (BLÄK) and the Bayerische Ärzteblatt, we are looking for a committed part-time communications expert (m/f/d) with administrative tasks (at least 20 hours/week) for the press office of the Bavarian State Medical Association (BLÄK) and the Bayerische Ärzteblatt the transfer to a permanent employment relationship. What tasks do you have to do? You enjoy working with and for media professionals, posting articles on social media channels and on the website of the Bavarian State Medical Association, processing articles for the Bayerische Ärzteblatt and are the contact person (m/f/d) for press inquiries. You maintain press mailing lists, send out press releases, prepare the daily press review, organize trade journals in-house and take care of administrative tasks. You will correct and proofread texts and support the layout team. You work on the editorial plans, support the magazine planning and are involved in cross-media storytelling. You work actively in the press office, like to research inquiries from external media and help organize events. What should you bring along? Ideally, you already have professional experience in a communications department or a media company. Communicating is your passion and you like to familiarize yourself with complex issues. Target group-oriented communication is one of your passions. You are enthusiastic about health policy and medical topics. You have completed relevant vocational training or a similar qualification and have very good knowledge of spoken and written German. MS Office, content management systems and Adobe Creative Suite are no strangers to you. You are a team player (m/f/d) and of course media literate. What do we offer you? Future-proof working environment at the largest medical association in Germany Attractive pay plus above-average company pension scheme Flexible working environment: e.g. B. variable working hours and mobile working In-house canteen including meal allowance Business development Member of pme Familienservice GmbH (advice for parents and caring for relatives, among other things) Our offices in Bogenhausen are well connected Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your application by March 31, 2023. Bavarian State Medical Association | www.blaek.de Website	Editor/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.381000
