7837	10442	Commercial employee (m/f/d) - full-time/part-time	Do you want to support SIXT as one of the largest mobility service providers worldwide and get involved professionally and personally? Apply and we will help you to find the right area for you! Working at SIXT is fun because we all go in the same direction together, sometimes let it be easy and the casual chat is never neglected. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply online now. We look forward to seeing you! What you do with us: You look after our customers in the event of a breakdown or an accident and get them back on the road with a replacement vehicle. An open ear for our customers? nothing is more important to you. You are always there when there are questions, requests or problems. Whether by phone, e-mail, chat or social media, whether in German or English: You are only satisfied when our customers are satisfied As a claims manager (m/f/d) you are responsible for processing claims our high-quality vehicles. Around 130 hard-working investigators (m/f/d) from different teams get to the bottom of the damage here in Grubenstraße? and nothing remains undiscovered In telesales you are responsible for the acquisition of business customers as well as a mobility expert and consultant (m/f/d). You create and negotiate offers for tailor-made mobility solutions and close them. In this way, you will continuously improve existing sales processes and find ways to optimize daily processes. As a member of our Travel Sales Team, you will answer technical questions about our booking processes, among other things. You take care of the creation and maintenance of agency data and act as a competent contact person (m/f/d) for all questions relating to the topic of rental cars What you bring with you: You have completed commercial training or experience in service (hotel, restaurant, travel agency , retail etc.) or a comparable course of study You love contact with customers and are always happy to help You can work on tasks independently and in a team and maintain our high quality standards You love cars and working on the PC Are you like us? open-minded, flexible, strong communicator You have business fluent German and good English skills and you have organizational skills Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? ? our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. Cleverness and thinking outside the box is required in our assistant functions, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues facilitates cooperation. Keeping your back free for content-related topics and making everyday work work is a daily challenge here. In a great team that sticks together, however, these challenges are easy to master. About us: We are e	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:37.328000
