8079	10684	Commis / Demichef de Cuisine (m/f/d) for our gourmet restaurant Dichter	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #genuine enjoyment #quiet luxury Every corporate philosophy written down, no matter how beautifully written, only remains on paper if it is not lived by everyone involved. We are an energetic team Great working atmosphere High values ​​and discipline Well-equipped new kitchen Sensational restaurant ambience 1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points Concept: relaxed, dynamic, passionate, traditional star cuisine reinterpreted Required: Enthusiasm for the product / fun being the host Passion No desire for stiff gastronomy Team player   Personal. Honest. Heartfelt. Support me and my team to rock the gourmet restaurant Dichter. Your Thomas Kellermann #TKrockt You have: Completed training as a chef First professional experience in upscale gastronomy or the hotel industry Precision craftsmanship and attention to detail Creativity and commitment Flexibility and teamwork Your tasks: Preparation and serving of food for our gourmet restaurant Dichter Planning and organization of work Careful and responsible handling of food Ensuring our high quality standards Daily creation of the mise en place We offer you: A permanent employment contract A 5-day week working time account with the possibility of compensation Member of the FairJob Hotels Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues/ Inside honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability) We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:07.090000
