7867	10472	Commercial Cost Controller (m/w/d)	Profitable international growth, breaking one record after another, is an important goal for SIXT. To grow profitably, we need to understand and manage the commercial side of our business. A key task in evaluating commercial viability is examining distribution costs. These vary depending on the distribution channel, the product sold and the country in which the products are sold and transacted. To make things even more interesting, costs can come in many different forms and can be related to a single transaction, to a subscription for a specific term, or to the lifetime of a customer. The investigation of costs sounds interesting to you? Do you have strong analytical skills and the willingness to deeply question and understand costs and value levers? Customer lifetime value, customer acquisition costs and customer retention costs are more than just buzzwords for you? Then accept the challenge as Senior Commercial Controller (m/f/d) and apply now! What you do with us: You are responsible for controlling the acquisition costs by sales channel and product by setting up and maintaining the logic and implementation of accounting systems. Together with the responsible managers, you set target values ​​for the acquisition costs, monitor them and report them in several Meetings You calculate business cases for B2B and B2P deals and advise the account managers on how to improve profitability; You will identify value levers for each account to make the best offers. You will lead projects related to commercial controlling, such as defining BI/Tech requirements, validating dashboards or calculations, creating and customizing reports before Automating and driving initiatives to improve the profitability of specific products or channels You work closely with Commercial Analytics, Group Controlling, Product Pricing, all sales and product units and many other stakeholders within SIXT What you bring: You have a master's degree in business administration , economics or a comparable field of study with above-average success and have already gained experience as a commercial controller, sales controller, revenue manager or pricing manager. You have a strong understanding of the commercial side of the business, especially commissions, costs for online marketing and overhead costs have a pronounced analytical but pragmatic way of thinking, enjoy conceptual tasks and can comprehensively understand and solve business issues You are result-oriented, flexible and resilient, have a service mentality and are assertive and experienced in dealing with several interfaces You speak fluent English and German and are able to write SQLs (preferably on AWS / Athena) Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard,	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:41.001000
