8044	10649	Commercial clerk (m/f/d) for our Berlin location	As the world's largest catering trade, SSP operates sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas in Germany: Burger King, Frittenwerk, KFC, Haferkater, Starbucks, Dean&David, Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. We are the Food Travel Experts and not temporary work! As the world's largest catering trade, SSP operates sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas in Germany: Burger King, Frittenwerk, KFC, Haferkater, Starbucks, dean&david, Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. In your role as a permanent full-time administrative employee, we will assign you the following tasks: As the interface to the SSP headquarters, you will be in close contact with our accounting and human resources departments and enjoy a position of trust. You are our first point of contact on site in HR administration. You are responsible for the maintenance and processing of our systems such as cash register posting, merchandise management (my inventory) and time recording. You support the management in other personnel administration activities and take on a large part of the correspondence. What you bring with you: Your commercial training and/or an equivalent qualification forms the basis for a career with us. Confident handling of Word and Excel (MS Office) is a prerequisite for your daily work with us. By communicating in a solution-oriented and reliable manner, you ensure smooth cooperation. And that's what we offer you: You can expect a dynamic work environment in an internationally expanding company in the catering industry. You will receive a discount of up to 50% in our sales outlets throughout Germany. We offer you the opportunity to participate in our employee share program. You benefit from employee offers from over 600 well-known providers such as adidas, C&A, Thalia, Rossmann. We also offer you sound training, flexible working hours and 25 days of vacation. Diversity and team spirit are very important in our team. Tell us who you are and when you can start. We look forward to receiving your detailed application! Â	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:02.789000
