7494	10099	Commercial Business Analyst (m/w/d) am Flughafen Frankfurt	As the world's largest commercial restaurant, we, SSP Germany, operate our own sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas: L'Osteria, Starbucks, Frittenwerk, KFC, Burger King, Haferkater, dean&david , Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. As a Commercial Business Analyst you will be part of a highly motivated team with global experience that lives an open and honest culture. As an expert of the Commercial Team DACH, you have made it your goal to advance our commercial performance. You identify potential in the product range and in pricing and derive concrete instructions for action from this. You will also support the management team with strategic analyzes and improve the customer journey in close cooperation with our brand management. This is how you help us: You show management data-based recommendations for action because you have an affinity for recognizing potential for improvement. With your data-based storytelling, you are able to present complicated issues to other departments and management in an understandable way. Because you like to bring things to an end, you accompany the brand management in the implementation of the projects that arose from your recommendations for action. In order to actively involve other colleagues and share your knowledge, you create customized reports. What you bring with you: A degree in economics with a focus on finance / controlling, marketing or comparable training forms the basis for your career with us. Your strong analytical skills and initial experience in the food sector will give you a decisive advantage. You recognize commercial, economic connections and can interpret, process and communicate them for the management. You should be able to use Excel and PowerPoint for your daily work. Thanks to your independent and goal-oriented way of working, you will take on responsibility from day one. And that's what we offer you: A dynamic and successful working environment awaits you in an internationally expanding company in the catering industry. Frankfurt Airport is easy to reach by public transport. For this we offer you a job ticket from the RMV (savings of up to €1,500/year). You get up to 50% discount in our points of sale. 33% discount from the telephone provider Vodafone (also for existing customers) We offer you the opportunity to take part in our employee share program. You benefit from employee offers from over 600 well-known providers such as adidas, C&A, Thalia, Rossmann. We also offer you thorough training, flexible working hours including the option of mobile working, and free drinks in our support center. Diversity and team spirit are very important in our team. We will reward your commitment with a permanent employment contract and 30 days of vacation. Tell us who you are and when you can start. We look forward to your informative CV!	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:55.156000
