8711	11316	Commercial clerk for export processing	iNTERSPARE Textile Machinery was founded in Hamburg in 1994 by Carsten Kalek and Dirk Polchow. Both founders have been managing directors of the company since that time. The business idea was to sell high-quality spare parts for textile machines, especially for textile finishing machines. In the first few years, this business was successfully expanded and the company developed into a supplier with a worldwide reputation.

Today iNTERSPARE delivers high-quality installations of new machines and components.

Commercial clerk for export processing

You are interested:
- the entire handling of our air and sea freight
  

- extensive document processing
  

- the letter of credit and bank support
  

- take over customs clearance and export control?
  
If you:
- have commercial training in wholesale and foreign trade or in forwarding

- have been professionally active in this field for several years
  

- Are interested in completing this area independently as far as possible

- have good knowledge of German and English
  

- You can deal with hectic with confidence
  

and you are characterized by a structured, goal-oriented, responsible and independent way of working,

you should become part of our team.
Our range:
With us you will work independently in a highly motivated team, which will of course prepare and familiarize you intensively with your future tasks.
  A joint, free lunch promotes a quick acclimatization. supports good cooperation and enables a cross-departmental exchange of ideas

We look forward to receiving your complete application documents, stating your salary expectations and the earliest starting date.

to be addressed to: dpolchow@interspare.com

or

Interspare Textile Machinery GmbH
  

Roentgenstr. 31-33, 21465 Reinbeck
  

We are pleased to meet you.

Interspare Textile Machinery GmbH

Interspare Textile Machinery GmbH
Mr Dirk Polchow
Dirk Polchow
dpolchow@interspare.com
+49407277670	Merchant - wholesale and foreign trade (foreign trade)	None	2023-03-07 16:08:24.570000
