8056	10661	Commis de Rank Restaurant Aqua (3 Michelin Sterne) (m/f/d)	The cuisine at Aqua is impressively simple and sophisticated at the same time. Sven Elverfeld stands for the creative style of cooking. His modern European cuisine focuses on the harmony of the textures and the inherent taste of the highest quality ingredients. The creations themselves often amaze with a deliberately simple, often almost trivial naming such as ?Forelle ?Lüneburger Heide? & Smoke Brandade?. But at the latest the interpretation of the seemingly everyday causes a surprise. And the consumption for pleasure! ?We are Ladies and Gentlemen serving Ladies and Gentlemen? The Ritz-Carlton, Wolfsburg combines personal and excellent service with an extraordinary, employee-oriented corporate philosophy that is second to none. Marriott is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to hiring a diverse workforce and a sustainable, inclusive culture that puts employees first. We undertake not to discriminate against persons with a protective status, for example disability and veteran status, or any other status protected by law YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: Personal care of our guests in our 3-star restaurant Aqua Ensuring smooth service Responsibility for proper accounting and correct Billing Contact person for guest requests or complaints Recommendations and advice for our guests for food and drinks Implementation of the specified standards Compliance with hygiene regulations YOU HAVE: Enjoy working and be a professional host Flexibility, teamwork and commitment Guest and solution-oriented action Completed training in the upscale hotel industry / Gastronomy or a comparable qualification First experience in a star restaurant Good knowledge of German and English WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT FROM US: Value-oriented corporate culture Meals in our staff restaurant with outdoor terrace Cleaning of the uniform provided Discounts on hotel accommodation (employee rates, family & friends rates), F&B, Retail, etc. within Marriott International employee-friendly roster design, reasonable salary + special payments The statutory gross minimum wage (based on full-time employment) for the position is based on the collective agreement for employees in the hotel industry and is up to 2800? rewarded.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:04.258000
