7599	10204	Commis de Cuisine (m/w/d) / Demichef de Cuisine (m/w/d)	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: Preparation and serving of dishes in the à la carte service as well as for conferences and events Planning and organization of the work Careful and responsible handling of food Ensuring our high quality standards Daily preparation of the mise en place You have: Completed training as a chef/cook Cook and professional experience in the upscale hotel or catering industry Enjoy working with high-quality food Great professional and subject-related interest Flexibility and team spirit Good knowledge of German, both spoken and written We offer you: Pay above the collective agreement A permanent employment contract A 5-day week working time account with the possibility of compensation Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Regular employee get-togethers outside the home Corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) One Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking (subject to availability)   We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:08.021000
