7945	10550	Complaints management clerk (m/f/d) - in the area of ​​claims management	You need more BUMMS in your life? A popping - squeaking - grinding, makes your engine purr contentedly? Then we have the right job for you! The SIXT fleet is growing and so is the number of claims for which we are looking for new colleagues (m/f/d). As a clerk (m/f/d) in complaints management, you are a specialist (m/f/d) for confident customer correspondence. Around 130 diligent investigators from different teams get to the bottom of the damage here in Grubenstrasse - and nothing goes undetected. Is there a Sherlock Holmes in you too? Then dive into the orange world. We look forward to seeing you! What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours MOBILE WORK: You From now on you can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and an RSAG job ticket or free Parking spaces DEVELOPMENT: You want more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring with you: You question the right details and like to prove that you have the right instinct You are a communication professional and convince with your very good expression in spoken and written in German and do you dare to make small talk in English? we have the vocabulary for the car You also have a sure instinct for critical customer concerns and ensure a high level of customer satisfaction You can handle the common MS Office? We will show you SIXT's own programs You are a team player and keep an overview even in turbulent times You would like to take on some responsibility and have your own decision-making framework - with us you have the opportunity to look beyond your work area, to think cross-departmentally and with your suggestions and Ideas to optimize our work processes What you do with us: In the claims management / complaints management department, you are responsible for all telephone and written inquiries from our national and international customers and law firms regarding the preparation of claims. You will independently take care of the complaints from receipt to satisfactory conclusion. You will also correspond with our stations, experts, insurance companies and the police. You make well-founded decisions, taking into account the individual circumstances and work independently within the framework given to you. So that you can make a well-founded decision in every claim file, taking into account all the information available, you will receive a full three-month training period from us with full salary, as well as guidelines and your own decision-making framework. Sounds good? Then don't hesitate, apply now! Additional information Your area of ​​work: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. Cleverness and thinking outside the box is required in our assistant functions, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues facilitates cooperation. Keeping your back free for content-related topics and making everyday work work is a daily challenge here. In a great team that sticks together, however, these challenges are easy to master. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines u	Office assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:50.592000
