7514	10119	Conference & event manager m/f/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Yes, it's true: regulated working hours, free evenings and weekends or part-time jobs cannot be reconciled with everyday life in a demanding restaurant kitchen. Unless, of course, you apply to one of our business restaurants. A high-quality, fresh and creative cuisine is just as important to us here as the compatibility of work and private life. With our friendly, appreciative team, that may not be as important to you as it is elsewhere. Sounds good? Then we look forward to receiving your application. Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 160 employees at 18 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? For our business restaurant in Munich we are looking for a conference & event manager (m/f/d) by agreement. These tasks await you with us: Professional and cordial communication with our customers Responsibility for the smooth running of the conference area and at events Preparation and follow-up of the Day-to-day business Preparing the conference rooms (dishes, drinks, snacks) Taking care of guests at meetings, conferences and events Accounting for conference catering Carrying out administrative tasks Close cooperation with the operations manager Communication with the events department If necessary, support for the team during lunch at the cash desk That's what we wish From you: Completed vocational training or professional experience in the conference and event area Friendly, guest-oriented demeanor and good communication skills Reliable, responsible and precise way of working Experience in dealing with the common MS Office applications HACCP knowledge Good manners and a well-groomed appearance Good knowledge of German With this offer we would like you convince: varied and responsible tasks working in a 5-day week from Monday to Friday (weekends & public holidays free) a pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team with uncomplicated cooperation a constantly growing and yet family company with short decision-making processes performance-related remuneration, further development opportunities and attractive social benefits	Banquet manager	None	2023-03-07 16:05:57.604000
