7787	10392	Conference service staff m/f/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Yes, it's true: regulated working hours, free evenings and weekends or part-time jobs cannot be reconciled with everyday life in a demanding restaurant kitchen. Unless, of course, you apply to one of our business restaurants. A high-quality, fresh and creative cuisine is just as important to us here as the compatibility of work and private life. With our friendly, appreciative team, that may not be as important to you as it is elsewhere. Sounds good? Then we look forward to receiving your application. Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies throughout Germany and Liechtenstein and premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Liechtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 160 employees at 18 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? For our business restaurant in Munich | We are now looking for a conference service staff (m/f/d) near the Ostbahnhof (full-time from Monday to Friday) These tasks await you with us: Preparing the conference rooms (dishes, drinks, snacks) Taking care of guests at meetings and conferences. Freshening up the conference rooms, stocking up on crockery, drinks and snacks Accounting for the conference meals Cashier activities during the lunch distribution Assisting in the construction and signage of the serving counters as well as in the preparation of breakfast and dessert Supervision and stocking of the coffee counter. Timely replenishment of crockery, glasses, cutlery & goods to be sold What we want from you: Professional experience in service or a comparable service-oriented activity in the industry Friendly, guest-oriented demeanor and good communication skills HACCP knowledge Reliable, responsible and accurate way of working Good manners and a well-groomed Appearance good knowledge of German We would like to convince you with this offer: a varied and responsible field of activity a pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team a 5-day week from Monday to Friday (weekends and public holidays free) discounted employee meals performance-related remuneration and attractive social benefits Are we interested in you? woke up? Then we look forward to receiving your application!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:31.080000
