9454	12059	Construction site coordinator / construction coordinator production (f/m/d)	If you want to work with us on interesting and challenging shipbuilding projects and are looking for an attractive and varied job, Brunel is the right place for you. With us, you will build up cross-industry specialist knowledge and thus qualify on a broad basis, independent of the industry and flexibly for your further career path. Apply today to be a construction site coordinator and discover the diversity of engineering with Brunel.

Job description:
Your main task is the coordination of the construction phases within the construction phase with a focus on air conditioning and ventilation systems. You look after and accompany partner companies, suppliers and form the interface management between client and contractor. You are also responsible for the documentation of the construction progress and follow it up. The focus is on the quality and meeting deadlines of the various trades.

Your profile:
You have completed a technician/master’s degree with a focus on mechanical engineering or a comparable qualification. You have already gained experience in construction coordination, ideally in the field of air conditioning and ventilation, or have completed internships. You are proficient in the common MS Office products, basic knowledge of how to use ERP systems is desirable. Good spoken and written English language skills round off your profile.

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and by mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your account manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Technician - machine technology (manufacturing technology)	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT.	2023-03-07 16:09:55.642000
