9393	11998	Construction. Residential water management (f, m, d) (f/m/d)	Are you interested in urban water management - are you familiar with the planning of sewer networks and create hydraulic calculations - then take your decisive career step, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as a "civil engineer with a focus on urban water management (f, m, d)".

Job description:

- Your tasks in urban water management include the planning of sewer networks and structures for local drainage.
- You will also plan pumping stations, drinking and pressure pipes.
- Another important point is the planning of sewage treatment plants and water treatment plants as well as rainwater management.
- Your tasks will be completed by the creation of hydraulic calculations.

Your profile:

- Studies with specialization in urban water management, hydraulic engineering
- Several years of professional experience in the field of urban water management
- Knowledge of the tools Hystem-Extran is advantageous

We offer:
Benefit from Brunel's recruiting expertise throughout the application process:
Our experienced team supports you with an optimal preparation of your
CV, a consultation individually tailored to you and the position as well as a
joint preparation for the job interview with our customer. Our
Diverse customer portfolio from medium-sized companies to Hidden
Champion up to the DAX group offers you many interesting ones
Opportunities for development: whether road, ship, rail, air or space;
traditional or innovative; from development to finished product;
national or international; from the novice to the experienced
Professional. In permanent employment directly with our customer, you design the
technological progress with.

About Brunel:
Through our global network, we can offer you attractive challenges, extraordinary career prospects and the whole variety of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 40 branches, two development centers and 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries .More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards for us - for you too - Then apply now.	Engineer - Water Management	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:48.098000
