9574	12179	Consultant/Specialist Adobe Analytics (m/w/d) München	-What you do with us-




· You extract and validate insights from large volumes
structured and unstructured data. You rely on the application
of data mining and machine learning techniques (machine learning, data
mining, computational analytics or optimization).
· With Adobe Analytics you lead implementations, adjustments and
Conduct training courses and advise our customers on further development or
Introduction.
· You are also familiar with other products from the Adobe Experience Cloud
your expertise on these in customer discussions.
· You will also support your team in the implementation of projects
as well as workshops, expert panels and meetings.
You support our customers with presentations, workshops,
Expert panels and meetings that you conduct independently.
· The independent takeover of (partial) projects from the design phase
(incl. prototyping) through development to a productive one
Use is what you enjoy doing.

-when you fit in with us-




· You are a real team player. One for all, all for one - that
is your motto and ours.
· Adobe Analytics (and ideally other products from the Adobe
Experience Cloud) is known to you and you know the basic ones
Functionality and possibilities of web tracking.
· Ideally, you have initial experience with visualization tools such as e.g.
Power BI, SAS, Tableau, Qlik and/or technical skills in D3, HTML5
or in tools like R, Python, MATLAB or SPSS.
· New projects, new customers or new technologies are a pleasure for you,
no load. You have the will to learn and you continuously
to develop further – and to pass on your knowledge.
· You love working in environments with ever-changing demands
iterative steps to quickly achieve results.
· You don't have any problems with it, even for a few days a week
always working on-site with the customer. We support you in this
the best possible way to reconcile private life and work.
· With your empathetic nature you convince both in workshops and
presentations as well as in direct communication with your team and
the customer.
· You have good communication skills and speak very good German. good
English is desirable.
Ideally, you have a successfully completed bachelor's or master's degree.
Master's degree in (business) computer science, business administration, economics, social sciences,
mathematics, physics or statistics. Do you have your skills in other ways?
acquired, your application is also welcome. Ideally bring
you have an analytical and innovative way of thinking, a love of experimentation and the
ability to multitask with; they are a plus but not a must.

-Your advantages-




· We do everything we can to ensure that you can balance your private and professional life
can bring. Free time management and home office are part of it.
Whether courses and training, internal exchange formats (exchange of know-how
and brainstorming), the diva-e Academy or attending conferences -
We offer you a wide variety of options for your further training
are open to your wishes. In addition, you develop “on
the Job" continues and you are always learning
· We have locations in 8 cities and one large one
service portfolio. You are drawn to another city, you want
get to know other areas of responsibility? No problem, with us you have them
opportunities to do so.	IT-Berater/in	None	2023-03-07 16:10:10.374000
