5981	8586	Controller (w/m/d) im Service, Nuernberg	Controller (f/m/d) in Service Nuernberg, Germany Finance 359663 Job Description Together we make the difference Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, railway automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we design mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 38,200 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving. What do you contribute In your new role, you plan and control forecasts, ultimate estimates and the annual planning for one of the two service locations (Nuremberg) independently. You work closely with plant controlling, the service location in Krefeld and our order management and also provide support with other topics such as OPW and FloW or the asset inventory. You analyze deviations between plan, target and actual statuses and derive measures from them. You also accompany the cost center (including coordination with the cost center managers) and profit center controlling and the presentation of the results and measures. You analyze the inventory management at the Nuremberg and Krefeld locations together with the order management and optimize our inventories as a team. Finally, you will work on special topics and evaluations of business development or project evaluations and present them in your department. What do you bring with you The basis of your qualification is a successfully completed vocational training as an industrial clerk (f/m/d). You can then gain several years of professional experience in commercial service processing, preferably in an international company. You have already proven yourself in the areas of profitability analysis, profit center and cost center controlling as well as reporting. In addition, you came into contact with typical service content, such as field service processing, repair processing or spare parts processing. Inventory management and contract management is at best not foreign to you. Confident German and English skills complete your profile. What do we offer you Inclusion & Diversity At Siemens Mobility, we fight against injustice and inequality. With us you will find an environment in which you can be yourself and belong. Purpose We are pioneers of mobility. With us you make an active contribution to the turnaround in traffic and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world. Further development We offer you comprehensive further training opportunities for your professional and personal development. With our Learning Campus, we have an in-house service provider with a wide range of online and offline offerings. You can find an overview of our benefits here. How do you contact us www.siemens.de/mobility if you want to find out more about Siemens before you apply. 49 (9131) 17 52430 if you would like to clarify initial questions personally with our recruiting team. The contact person for this job advertisement is Ms. Miriam Beier. www.siemens.de/karriere if you would like more information about jobs and careers at Siemens. We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.	Controller/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.872000
