8133	10738	Control center employee (m/f/d) at the BELANTIS amusement park!	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a control center employee (m/f/d) at the BELANTIS amusement park! Do you have experience in dispatching, a call center in tourism, a reception, guest information or in a control center? Are you good at organizing and keep calm in stressful situations? Then become our new employee at the control center (m/f/d) and coordinate the exciting everyday life here at BELANTIS together with the manager on duty! Of course we will teach you everything you need to know to be successful. The following tasks await you as a control center employee (m/f/d) You work in our control center, coordinate the day-to-day business of our amusement park with the help of our park manager You hand out work materials and keys, have contact with employees and guests You document everyday work in the amusement park, observe the weather and report incidents to the manager on duty After the training you know a suitable solution for every problem and keep calm, even in the event of disruptions or storms Our benefits A special job in a leisure park right in the Leipzig Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful place Team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer contribution, 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Lots of goodies such as E.g. free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discount at numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits You are interested in working with people and in an amusement park You are PC-savvy and able to multitask You are absolutely reliable and conscientious You work precisely and are well organized You speak fluent German Your adventure A seasonal job for the year 2023 (from mid-March to the end of October) with a good chance of repeating it in the following years Your working hours You are willing to work in shifts on opening days of the amusement park, also on weekends and public holidays Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h Working method & team Independent, in close coordination with the guest service team and our park manager / manager on duty Your start From mid / end of March Convinced? Then ideally apply with your CV, certificates and your complete contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:13.688000
