5977	8582	Control technician / PLC programmer (m/f/d)	Are you looking for a new professional challenge and would you like to work internationally? You are an innovative personality who can convince with a high degree of communication skills, resilience and flexibility. Then support our company as a
Control technician - PLC programmer (m/f/d)
Start your new professional career with us!
From the manual workstation to the fully automatic assembly line, ATN Hölzel GmbH develops and produces state-of-the-art automation and application systems for the manufacturing industry. In the field of application technology, we are one of the world's leading companies and one of the "technological pioneers". Numerous new developments, which today are part of the technical standard in many areas, come from the house of ATN Hölzel GmbH. The automotive industry is one of our largest customers. More than 100 million vehicles built with ATN automation and application systems are on the road worldwide today. We are represented internationally with branches in the USA, China, Spain and Brazil. We offer you the opportunity to face new professional challenges in a very varied and interesting working environment.
We suit you if you:

like to program automation systems and create control programs
Enjoy putting production cells and systems into operation worldwide and creating and updating operating instructions
See your strength in problem analysis and resolution
want to train operating and maintenance personnel on site
happy to take responsibility for the systems you have created
want to implement the development of the system-specific visualizations according to the customer's specifications
take active cooperation with other specialist departments for granted
comply with applicable standards and laws
would like to support the implementation of the defined quality and environmental goals


You are a good match for us if you:

have completed vocational training in the field of electrical engineering or mechatronics or have basic knowledge of electrical engineering
have several years of professional experience with programmable logic controllers (Siemens TIA Portal / S7Classic, Allen Bradley, Beckhoff)
have experience in using programs to create visualizations (WinCC, WinCC flexible, Intouch, Factory Talk, Ignition, Zenon)
fluent in German and very good knowledge of spoken and written English
a structured, independent and systematic way of working is one of your strengths
show a high degree of initiative and communication skills


We offer you:

38 hours/week
assembly surcharge
working time accounts
a challenging and interesting job
a motivated, dynamic team and a modern workplace
active participation by contributing your own ideas
interesting, varied and responsible tasks
good development opportunities and realization
flexible working hours within the framework of operational conditions
Health promotion measures and regular employee events
job bike

You are interested and would like to become part of ATN Hölzel GmbH. Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents, including your salary expectations, preferably by e-mail.
Apply now!
personal@atngmbh.de	mechatronics technician	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.381000
