8096	10701	Cook*cook - community catering - clinic - Flechtingen	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. kitchen hero ? Spoon Magician ? cook*cook! Are you looking for a new challenge and want to work in a professional team? Then support our well-known customer, a renowned clinic on the edge of the castle park with a view of the moated castle in Flechtingen, in the kitchen. Your task: You support the kitchen brigades at all posts and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. You prepare hot and cold dishes conscientiously and independently according to the given recipes. In addition, you use your experience when calculating daily needs and conscientiously accept the ordered goods and also check them. Compliance with the HACCP specifications is a matter of course for you. Requirement profile:   Completed vocational training as a chef Manual dexterity Professional & independent way of working Well-groomed appearance & good manners Reliability & ability to work in a team Good knowledge of spoken & written German Class B driver's license an advantage We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure job A nice team, A collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Working hours from 5:30 a.m. to 2:15 p.m. Overnight accommodation (if required) can be provided by the customer At least two free weekends a month Flexible duty rostering Conscientious training by our customers on site Various employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: Subsidies for travel expenses or a monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today ! Apply now! Our branch manager Ms. Claudia Zerban is already looking forward to your application!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:09.166000
