8075	10680	cook | cook	cook | Cook at Vorbrück GmbH & Co KG - ANDERS Hotel | softgarden View job here Cook | Full or part-time cook Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 11, 29664 Walsrode, Germany With professional experience 02/28/23 THAT'S US: At the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode with its spacious conference center and the extraordinary "Experience? Restaurant ANDERS" we live for encounters with guests. With our cheerful warmth, lively minds, colorful ideas and good mood, our diverse team makes this DIFFERENCE tangible. This makes guests and, of course, employees feel equally comfortable. Facts about the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode? perfect location between Hamburg, Hanover and Bremen at the Walsroder Dreieck? 75 modern, comfortable rooms in the 3* category - also available as 3-/4-bed rooms ? 13 function rooms and the event hall Courage ? our experience restaurant ANDERS on two floors with the terrace under the maxi umbrella Children's ANDERland and play ship ?Wilde Lucy? ? Events in the area of ​​conferences, weddings, family and company celebrations Your area of ​​responsibility: ? Responsible for the smooth workflow of the à la carte and conference business ? Consideration of the corresponding kitchen and hygiene standards according to HACCP? Compliance with the specified recipes ? Production of dishes mainly in the cook & chill process? mise en place? Receipt of goods and control of the quality of the delivered products. What do we bring with us? a really cool team staff catering in the restaurant? like our guests! Financial advantages for you, such as company pension schemes and capital-forming benefits, a five-day week off on weekends are possible, exchange with colleagues, hotels, many large and event events, different work areas (hotel, conference, restaurant), highly qualified and certified trainers, friendly and fair management, modern training in many areas Hardware and software Internal celebrations among colleagues In-house training courses We are among the TOP 250 conference hotels in Germany We are a ?Fair Job Hotel? digital time recording because we don't like to see overtime certified as an ?Excellent training company? What are you bringing? YOU! with your personality and your experiences We chat extensively about everything else. We would also like to encourage you to jump in! And if the journey is too far, we would be happy to invite you to an overnight stay. And now? Would you like to shape the hotel world of tomorrow with us and really make a difference? Then apply. We are looking forward to your application. Apply online Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by softgarden	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:06.603000
