7567	10172	Cook*cook - dinner show - palazzo - mirror palace	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Kitchen acrobat ? Spoon magician ? Palace chef*cook! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job with a guaranteed experience? Then strengthen our events team! The Spiegelpalast Palazzo spoils its guests with an exquisite four-course menu in a unique atmosphere, while acrobats and award-winning artists enchant them with an incomparable show. Your task: We are looking for you to make the evening unforgettable! Be a culinary chef at our customer's menu events. As part of the dinner show at the Deichtorhallen in Hamburg, you will support the team on site at all positions in the kitchen. You can reliably prepare and cook the food according to the specified recipes. Together with your team you send the exclusive menu and spoil the exquisite guests with culinary delights. You apply the HACCP concept consistently, and you always follow the currently valid additional hygiene guidelines. Your profile: Completed vocational training as a chef Craftsmanship & creativity Professional & independent working method Reliability & ability to work in a team We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure job at the most exclusive dinner show in the north A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Assignment period from now until 05.03.2023 Working days Tuesday to Saturday Conscientious training by our customer on site Convenient location A fair & punctual salary Various employment models Extensive additional services possible: subsidies for travel expenses or HVV-Profi-Card , discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops We would be happy to talk to you about further employment opportunities after the current season? A lavish feast for all the senses! ? Apply now! Our team assistant Ms. Andrea Thurk is already looking forward to your application!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:04.099000
