7697	10302	Cook (m/f/d) for our evening restaurants	Dreams come true at LEGOLAND® Deutschland Resort with 64 attractions, 10 themed areas and over 55 million LEGO® bricks ? It doesn't matter whether it's a wild roller coaster ride, a journey through Europe or an excursion to unseen underwater worlds. We have up to 1,100 exciting and unusual seasonal jobs waiting for you in full-time, part-time, on a marginal basis or as a holiday job. Together with around 250 year-round employees, we prepare our guests an unforgettable visit experience. On request, we will be happy to check whether we can offer you accommodation in our staff accommodation. Ready for a job at LEGOLAND ® ? Apply now! Do you always have the right pinch of salt in your soup? Do you enjoy enchanting our small and large guests with culinary offers? Then support our team, limited to 2 years, as a cook (m/f/d) for our evening restaurants What you do with us: You are responsible for the high-quality preparation of dishes in the à la carte area and in the buffet kitchen at Compliance with our standards. You take over the ordering and control of goods. You carry out the constant quality control and compliance with the calculation of the dishes independently. You comply with all hygiene regulations. You make sure that your workplace is always sparkling clean. When you fit in with us: You have successfully completed your training as a chef (m/f/d). You enjoy working with food and bring creativity to varied dishes. You have already gained experience in the à la carte area and in front cooking. You are open and warm towards children and their families. Flexibility, the ability to work in a team and the willingness to work on public holidays and weekends are a matter of course for you. We look forward to seeing you! On request, we will be happy to check whether we can offer you accommodation in our staff accommodation. In addition to numerous benefits, you can look forward to an extraordinary job in a unique working environment. Please send us your application documents, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date, preferably by email to jobs@LEGOLAND.de or by post to LEGOLAND Deutschland Freizeitpark GmbH Personalbüro LEGOLAND Allee 1 89312 Günzburg	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:20.054000
