7631	10236	Cooks and kitchen help (m/f/d)	You can work with us. Your moments of success make the difference for us. We work in a team that does its work with heart and soul. Your vote counts with us, because we think your ideas and suggestions are important. We are a team full of passion and inspiration. We help each other to get the best out of ourselves every day. As a family business, we are very friendly with one another. In addition to career opportunities, you will also find ways to develop personally and professionally with us. It is important to us that you don't stand still, but continue to develop yourself. With our employees, we shape our mission statement, live it, question it and constantly work on our vision. Together with you we create a stay for our guests that will surprise and inspire them. Are you a match for us? Then apply directly. Do you want to make a difference in your daily work? Would you like a new challenge, be part of a family and are you ready for the next step in your career? Are you ready to leave your comfort zone and are passionate about your work? Reinforcement wanted for our kitchen teams!* Pleasure man | Quality Assurer | Creative | sweet tooth | and much more. Working in the kitchen is not only special, but also extremely exciting. So many topics complement each other. From kitchen help to chef de partie - we are now looking for employees with enthusiasm and a thirst for knowledge. In our various companies we offer enough variety, as well as flexible working time models and look forward to accompanying you on your career path, if you wish. With us you will have the opportunity to develop yourself further, you will rely on a secure employer and work in an exciting restaurant. *We don't care what gender you are. It is important to us that you are passionate about your job! The companies of the ZADRA Group at a glance: Romantik Hotel Landschloss Fasanerie Hotel Rosengarten NOA Restaurant & Loungebar Valentins Tavern & Beer Garden Festhalle Zweibrücken Restaurant Donna Mia Zweibrücken ZETT Outlet Gastronomy What you do with us: You bring your passion for the job by You create new ideas together with your team. They work in different positions in the kitchen and support the team. You will continue your education through our internal training opportunities and thus have the opportunity to make a long-term career in the ZADRA Group. When you fit in with us: You are a total team player. Her motto: ?One for all, all for one.? Desired: You have completed training in the kitchen. You may have already gained some experience in the kitchen after completing your training. As a career changer without training in the kitchen, you have already gained initial experience in a restaurant kitchen. Her passion is cooking. You love to prepare and serve a wide variety of dishes and can't imagine doing any other job. Clear structures, open and honest communication and reliability are important to you. You are looking for a secure employer and are willing to continuously develop your talents and knowledge. You are looking for a varied job and good career paths. What do you have from us? You can work with us. Your moments of success make the difference for us. We work in a team that does its work with heart and soul. Your vote counts for us, because we think it is very important to consider your ideas and suggestions. We are a team full of passion and inspiration. We help each other to get the best out of ourselves every day. As a family business, we are very friendly with one another. Interested in getting to know us better? Then apply today! Your contact: Anne Przybilla	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:11.961000
