8107	10712	Cook (m/f/d) with stand-in function	45128 Essen full time - 40 hours/week | Usually 06:00 - 15:00 | flexible according to duty schedule | Mon-Fri (5-day week) company catering In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: Within your area, as a flexible Springer chef, you support the respective kitchen team on site if necessary: ​​You ensure that the warm and cold dishes in the restaurant are perfectly prepared and presented? the eye eats with you. You take on administrative tasks and quality assurance and ensure that everything runs smoothly. At the same time, you make sure that the internal apetito catering quality standards are observed. Our ingredients for you: Sunday and public holiday bonuses Holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminar offers Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours , according to the duty roster with a 5-day week This whets our appetite: Completed training as a chef, further training (head chef, business economist) would be a plus, but not a must At least first experience in community catering Open-minded, communicative and friendly host personality, who writes BIG on service and commitment and knows how to promote the team spirit in the kitchen crew in an exemplary manner. As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Mr. Bevers Tel. 0201 8232830 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 069006	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:10.509000
