7727	10332	Cook m/f/d - 38 hours week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. 3 moving days per year (for the time of moving before work) A strong works council Rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week A guaranteed weekend per month Collective bargaining partner NGG Overtime rarely occurs Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay To your tasks In You can live out your passion to the full in one of our seven state-of-the-art kitchens. With your talent for organizing the work processes in the kitchen and your passion for food, you have an overview of all the tasks to be done. You ensure that the dishes are prepared on time and in the correct order. You deal with stressful situations routinely and always have the well-being of the guest as your goal. You also carry out routine tasks reliably, always taking the HACCP guidelines into account. What we expect from you Qualification: Completed training as a chef Professional experience: Professional experience as a chef desirable Requirements: Knowledge of hygiene regulations (HACCP), current health pass Language skills: German and English skills Characteristics: Commitment, ability to work in a team and a conscientious and structured Working method Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Sea feeling: A unique place of work.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:23.738000
