7759	10364	Cook * cook - GV - community catering - kitchen - catering	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. kitchen hero ? Spoon Magician ? cook*cook! Do you not only fire the goulash cannon, but also cook with passion for your guests? With us you have the opportunity to work in a wide variety of kitchens. Your task: You support the kitchen brigade of our various customers at all posts and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. Your culinary art and your skills are in demand both in the company restaurants and canteens of our renowned customers from all sectors, branches of industry and education as well as in the large and central kitchens of clinics or senior citizens' facilities. You prepare hot and cold dishes conscientiously and independently according to the given recipes. You will also use your experience at smaller events such as barbecues. Compliance with the HACCP specifications is a matter of course for you. Your profile: Completed vocational training as a chef Manual dexterity Professional & independent way of working Well-groomed appearance & good manners Reliability & ability to work in a team Good knowledge of spoken & written German Driving license class B an advantage We offer you:   An interesting, varied & safe job A nice team , a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Easy to plan shifts with regulated working hours Compatibility of family & work assignments according to your skills Different employment models A fair & punctual Salary Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or a monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training and capital-forming benefits, holiday and Christmas bonuses, employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:27.648000
