8358	10963	Covered wagon driver (m/f/d)	EUROSTRAND Resorts ? these are two unique facilities with 4-star comfort in Fintel in the Lüneburg Heath and in Leiwen in the Moselle valley. With our high-quality all-inclusive offers and our first-class entertainment program, we have been one of the most successful providers of sophisticated resort holidays for almost 50 years. Our success is primarily based on the commitment and enthusiasm of our more than 400 value-oriented employees. We want to be more than just an employer - we are there for people! Our WHY describes it: "EVERYONE has the opportunity to experience their own moment with us in order to fulfill their longings and wishes." EUROSTRAND Resorts ? these are two unique facilities with 4* comfort in Fintel in the Lüneburg Heath and in Leiwen in the Moselle valley. With our high-quality all-inclusive offers and our first-class entertainment program, we have been one of the most successful providers of sophisticated resort holidays for almost 50 years. Our success is primarily based on the commitment and enthusiasm of our more than 400 value-oriented employees. We want to be more than just an employer? we are there for people! Our WHY describes it: ?Everyone has the opportunity to experience their own moment with us in order to fulfill their longings and wishes.? With us, everyone should feel in good hands and be able to develop further in order to be a competent and responsible employee. Would you like to contribute with your knowledge and skills? Then apply as a covered wagon driver (m/f/d) You will take on the following tasks: ? Independent driving of the covered wagon? Loading and unloading of drinks ? Help with any work that needs to be done We look forward to: ? self-confident appearance as well as open and friendly dealing with ? our guests ? exercise capacity ? technical understanding ? Willingness to work flexible hours? Class C1E driving license We offer you: ? first of all the YOU? and a collegial, value-oriented team ? A varied job awaits you? Flat hierarchies with a pleasant working atmosphere and a growing corporate culture? joint lunch with free meals as well as hot and cold drinks (non-alcoholic) and a staff living room to relax ? Use of the in-house leisure facilities (bowling, mini golf and more) ? free cleaning of the provided work clothes ? Individual further training opportunities & opportunities for advancement? Staff vacation in the resorts at very favorable conditions? an attractive bonus system and discounts from over 800 brands and providers? an above-average payment We are always looking for appreciators, observers, courageous and impressors to inspire our guests and to achieve our demanding goals? we are looking for you! We look forward to seeing you!	Animator - Leisure	None	2023-03-07 16:07:41.212000
