8300	10905	Creative Director (m/w/d)	My little gang used to be a pizzeria and is now igniting into a real ?StartUp rocket? the food industry. Our mission is to revolutionize the TC industry. We think every chest at home has the right to really great frozen pizzaaAH! made in Giessen. We know 100% where our products come from and stand for open communication both internally and externally. Everything we do, we try to do with little ecological footprint and to do 396% passion. Hey future creative director, what's up? Shadi here ?? Fancy a piece of the ?Tk - PizzaaAH! - Revolution? to be? We want you in our igniting rocket gang as a creative director (m/f/d) because you can join our team promptly and quickly understand what our values ​​are and where the mission is going (namely after gaaAnz obeeeeeeeen). You understand the importance of and behind each individual work step and do not have to be pointed out to small things every time. Exactly then we are looking for you full-time for our constantly growing pizza gang. Look at your future to-do list: You create the budget for all marketing campaigns and are responsible for ensuring that they are adhered to. You design, plan and coordinate target group-specific social media campaigns that are hungry for morerRH! The creation, planning and implementation of content on our social media channels is in your hands. Ad and SEO campaigns are always on your screen and you maintain them. You simply write everything. You always meet our wording. Your additional features: Your design skills (in the common Adobe graphics programs) are second to none. You have a feel for trends and how we can use them in our own way. You always know the coolest keywords in the ad and SEO world neither lose the overview nor your head in the creative chaos and work in a structured way humor, positive beliefs as well as the ability to motivate and inspire you can motivate yourself and others infectiously you are a real team player with a good portion of fun at work you always give 100% and are a full team member of the Pizzabande Our additional features: Boredom was yesterday, with us today is tomorrow. Sometimes also the day after tomorrow A gang that couldn't be more different. But one thing unites us all: we want the TC revolution together! Be part of a very fast-growing start-up that recognizes your work and performance Have you ever had our frozen pizzaaAH! tried? Of course there are. keen to be there? Then hit the keys right now and send us your application including your CV and certificates. Just everything cool what you have done so far Small note on the side: We like unusual subject lines ??	Designer - advertising and media design	None	2023-03-07 16:07:34.099000
