8425	11030	Customer Advisor - Replacement Car Business (m/f/d)	Customer service is the quality feature within a company for you? Would you like to help shape and define how we achieve this quality? Are you confident in communication? with both internal and external partners. You quickly get an overview of the individual cases and can make balanced and pragmatic decisions. Do you create an unforgettable experience for every customer, respond individually to the wishes and questions and do you remain confident with crisp correspondence? Do you already have experience as a call center agent, customer advisor or support employee (m/f/d)? Ideal, then get on board right away. The possibility of mobile work, a permanent employment contract, above-average remuneration, job ticket and much more... obligatory! Apply now. We look forward to seeing you! What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration + performance-related bonus + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES: For holiday and Sunday work PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days vacation and regulated working hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance MOBILE WORK: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and an RSAG job ticket or free Parking spaces DEVELOPMENT: You want more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring with you: You see customer complaints as an opportunity to turn things around again and customer satisfaction is your top priority You bring a positive attitude and you can join us Your structured and organized way of working shines You are a communication professional and convince with your very good verbal and written expression You also have tact with critical customer concerns and ensure a high level of customer satisfaction You feel secure in the complete MS Office package You bring German skills to mother tongue level very well good spoken and written English You work reliably, independently, service- and solution-oriented What you do with us: You are part of the daily quality work in the Replacement Team and answer all incoming customer inquiries before, during and after the booking by e-mail as well as on Phone. You take care of answering complaints and work on international projects or quality development. With your professional advice you always ensure the satisfaction of our customers. In addition, you collect feedback from our customers, thus supporting the success of SIXT and are happy to make suggestions for improvement. Additional information Your area of ​​work: An open ear for our customers - nothing is more important to us. We are always there if there are questions, requests or problems. Whether by phone, email, chat or social media, whether in German or English: We are only satisfied when our customers are satisfied. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.439000
