7906	10511	Customer Service Employee (m/f/d)	The possibility of mobile work, a permanent employment contract, above-average remuneration, a job ticket and much more... sounds heavenly, doesn't it? It's easy to forget that you're talking about work. What do you have to do for this? apply! You create an unforgettable experience for every customer and respond individually to their wishes and questions. Do you already have experience as a call center agent, customer advisor or support employee (m/f/d)? Ideal, then get on board right away. You have no experience yet, but enjoy customer contact? No problem, support us in Berlin and apply directly here! What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration + performance-related bonus + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES: For public holidays, Sundays and Night shift work PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance MOBILE WORK: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every appointment through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and 20? Mobility allowance, regardless of whether you are traveling by public transport, by car, bicycle or on foot DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring: You enjoy customer contact and know how to deal with demanding customers You speak fluent German (spoken and written) and have a good knowledge of English You are open-minded, communicative, like to write and make phone calls You work reliably, independently, service- and solution-oriented You have initial experience in dealing with MS Office programs (Word, Outlook) You are willing to work in shifts What you do with us: It doesn’t matter whether SIXT rent , ride or share, you answer all incoming customer inquiries before, during and after the booking by e-mail and on the phone and you take care of answering complaints. You collect feedback from our customers, thus supporting the success of SIXT and are happy to make suggestions for improvement. Sounds interesting? Then don't hesitate, just apply now. We look forward to seeing you! Additional information Your area of ​​work: An open ear for our customers - nothing is more important to us. We are always there if there are questions, requests or problems. Whether by phone, email, chat or social media, whether in German or English: We are only satisfied when our customers are satisfied. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:45.788000
