387	2992	Customer advisor as career changer (m/f/d)	eyes + more is one of the largest opticians in Germany. We are international and one of the fastest growing companies in the industry. For us, glasses are a fashion accessory that you can never have enough of. Always true to the motto:
More glasses, more fun!

A typical day with us:

You advise your customers in a stylish and fashion-conscious manner. You listen to your customers carefully and therefore know their wishes and needs very well
You get your customers excited about glasses as a fashion accessory
You convince your customers with your friendly and open manner that they would like to come back and build long-term partnerships with your customers
You know what makes good customer service and you are there for your customers every day


What do you bring with you:

You inspire your customers with your positive energy
You do not need any training or previous experience in optics or retail, because our eyes + more Academy digitally prepares you extensively for your tasks in the store
You enjoy your work and love to achieve goals together in a team
Due to your interest in fashion you always know the latest trends
Don't worry, we'll turn you into a sales professional in the optician industry


And this is what you get from us:

A permanent employment contract with 30 days holiday (5-day week)
Attractive bonus program
Extensive onboarding program and other career opportunities
Flat hierarchies and a great collegial environment at eye level
Six free employee glasses per year
Subsidy for your gym membership
The possibility of a job bike
Promotion of company pension schemes
Individuality & Diversity. With us you don't disguise yourself - you are YOU in our WE


Information about your application:
Here you will find our FAQ area I Your contact person is Jana Vagelpohl I Telephone: +49 40 226 1627 57
At eyes + more, we don't need a meter-long CV or lengthy cover letters. We need real personalities who enjoy customer contact and are passionate about sales. We are looking for open-minded colleagues who are cheerful and full of life. We need real customer favorites who like to lend a hand flexibly, just as the situation in the store requires.
We are looking forward to meeting you!	Saleswoman	eyes + more is more than an optician chain. We are a fashion company!

For us, glasses are a fashion statement with which we emphasize our individual style every day in every situation.

We offer high quality, trendy and affordable eyewear at a guaranteed fixed price. In this way, we enable our customers not only to afford glasses, but their own personal glasses collection. Always true to the motto "More glasses, more fun!".

With this future-oriented concept, we are already delighting our customers in well over 100 stores in Europe, making us one of the fastest growing brands in the industry.	2023-03-07 15:51:20.226000
