6144	8749	Customer manager (m/f/d) with a focus on French	ProTect Dienstleistungs GmbH, based in Frankfurt am Main, is the group's internal service provider for ProTect Versicherung AG, one of the leading B2B insurance companies in the loan hedging segment. On your behalf, we take on the conception of credit and loss of earnings insurance, as well as other embedded insurance solutions in a rapidly growing market segment, in particular their sale, administration and benefit processing inside and outside the savings bank finance group. Both companies belong to the provincial group, one of the ten largest insurance groups in Germany.
To support our company, we are looking for someone for our location in Düsseldorf or Frankfurt am Main at short notice
Customer manager (m/f/d) with a focus on French


Customer manager (m/f/d) with a focus on French

Your tasks will be:

You will be responsible for cross-border customer service in the DACH region.
As a qualified contact person, you will be responsible for looking after our customers in a service-oriented manner as an interface to performance testing and the contract department.
The EDP-supported acceptance and processing of telephone customer inquiries and queries will be your daily business.
You will also process incoming documents and answer them in writing via the internal system.


Good reasons to become one of us:

You can expect a pleasant and agile working environment with nice colleagues, in which you can take on personal responsibility and contribute your own ideas.
A working atmosphere characterized by trust and respect is the basis of our cooperation.
In addition to flexible working hours, we offer you the opportunity to work partially mobile.
Our employer-financed supplementary pension supports your financial security for retirement and of course you will receive the employer's contribution to the capital-forming benefits.
We promote public transport with a surcharge for the monthly ticket.
In the here and now we support your job-specific further training.



What you bring with you:

Good communication skills and strong customer orientation
First experience in telephone customer service
Good knowledge of French
High level of service orientation and confident handling of MS Office applications
Reliable and independent way of working


Have we sparked your interest? Then we look forward to getting to know you!




Have we sparked your interest?

Then we look forward to getting to know you!
Please apply using our online application form with your meaningful documents under the advertisement no. 2466 and your salary expectations and your earliest possible availability.


ProTect Services GmbH
        Ms Melanie Daniel
        Cologne Landstrasse 33
        40591 Dusseldorf
        Phone: +49 211 978-2729
melanie.daniel@provinzial.com	Customer Service Advisor	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.039000
