8111	10716	Demi-Chef de partie (m/w/d)	Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! If you have any further questions, just give us a call: Tel. 0 69 69 77 - 12 96 or contact us by email at hr.frankfurt@marriott.com. We are happy to take the time for you! And now we look forward to your online application. Our Marriott International group, including its brands, which includes the Marriott and Sheraton brands, promotes equal opportunity and treatment and is committed to promoting a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Two brands ? endless possibilities! Your journey starts here! Two premium brands, one employer? We make it possible! With us, the Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel and the Sheraton Frankfurt Airport Hotel & Conference Center are two flagships of the international top hotel industry under one roof. 1,012 rooms spread over 2 hotels, 58 conference rooms including the largest Hotel Congress Center in Frankfurt, 3 restaurants, 2 bars, 2 lounges, 1 fitness center ? more is not possible! The only thing missing? She! Give your career wings and get started with us! Ready for take off? Your workplace is our culinary temple, where you conjure up exciting creations on the plates of our international guests every day. In cooperation with the team, you develop new ideas and creations for the menus of our ?The Eatery Kitchen and Bar? and our ?Restaurant Flavors? and put them into practice You are the contact person for our service and ensure effective and good cooperation through your professional manner, also with other departments of the hotel You create the connection between your passion for top cuisine and the environment of an international company all of its facets What you bring with you The most important thing first: you want to bring your host qualities to the number 1 in the hotel industry and get started in our unique dual-brand hotel You have completed a culinary training and bring sound specialist knowledge with you You have a passion for top gastronomy and ideally have already gained some experience here Do you want to reinterpret classics and bring them to your plate with high quality standards? An additional order, special requests or a larger event? Do you keep track even in stressful situations? and a cool head You want to develop yourself every day, learn new things and be part of an ambitious team HACCP is not a foreign word for you, but everyday life We offer you a unique working environment with two premium class hotels under one roof in which you are challenged and are promoted Good opportunities for advancement in the house and good transfer opportunities to our sister hotels Pleasant working atmosphere and positive results at www.kununu.com Structured and well-founded induction period and programs External and internal training (own training department in-house) and language courses (German & English) Discounts Overnight stays for employees and F&B discounts in our more than 8,000 hotels in the Marriott Group worldwide Recognition of very good performance (choice: employee of the month) Team events and opportunities to get involved in social projects Very good transport connections and parking facilities in the vicinity Salary is determined by the Hessian Collective bargaining agreement, which is one of the best in Germany Christmas and holiday bonuses above the collective bargaining agreement Subsidy for travel expenses Reduced meals in our staff restaurant Possibility of a company pension scheme through deferred compensation Capital-forming benefits	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:10.998000
