7883	10488	Demi Chef de Rang (m/f/d) full-time / part-time	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Anyone who works with us decides in favor of genuine hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training opportunities at the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Demi Chef de Rang (m/f/d) full-time / part-time Benefits Christmas bonus Company pension scheme Capital-forming benefits Employees and family & friends rate in our hotels Corporate benefits Career development Parking lot Employees & trainees Events Your tasks You have very good knowledge of the entire range of dishes . You recommend the vegetarian version or the right wine. Attentive is your middle name and satisfied guests are your daily sport? Become a part of our success story as Demi Chef de Rang (m/f/d). In addition to a secure job, the Maritim Seehotel Timmendorf offers you a collective wage agreement, many perks and other employee benefits. With the help of our experienced and dynamic team, we support you in your career plan and promote your strengths.   Receiving, positioning and advising the guests Competent, polite and speedy serving of the guests Preparation of the mise en place Independent management of a service station Checking the dishes for completeness and correctness before serving Work in all service areas of the House (breakfast, banquet, restaurant, floor service) Support and coaching of our new talents Your profile Cordial host Completed vocational training as a restaurant specialist / hotel specialist Well-founded professional experience, desirable Communicative and self-confident appearance Good German and English skills Friendliness and openness Team player Contact For questions about the position, career and about the company we are at your disposal and are already looking forward to your application.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:42.960000
