8406	11011	Demi Chef de Rang (m/f/d) in our gourmet restaurant es:senz	The DAS ACHENTAL resort is located in the heart of the Chiemgau, between Munich and Salzburg in one of the most beautiful regions in Germany. Whether on the golf course with mountain panorama, in the spacious spa and wellness area or in one of our restaurants and bars - our team convinces our guests with exclusive and at the same time personal service in all areas. Our employees are the most important brand ambassadors. They live DAS ACHENTAL, are passionate hosts, enjoy working in a team and are enthusiastic about our common goal of being one of the best resorts in Bavaria. As an employer, we live appreciation, communication and transparency, are fair, attractive and allow employees to participate in our success, and we develop and recruit talent. Our focus is on the personal and professional development of all employees. We offer diverse career prospects and an attractive working environment. Together we want to achieve a lot. We focus on personality and live diversity. Become part of our team and design DAS ACHENTAL together with us. We offer: Working environment: A job in a region with a very good quality of life and high recreational value. Top quality: in all areas. From breakfast to dinner, we work with many regional producers and organic products Payment: Pay above the collective bargaining agreement, holiday and Christmas bonuses Employee accommodation: Furnished and modernly equipped for the first 6 months of employment Experience for yourself: Attractive accommodation conditions in European partner hotels Perks: In the Corporate Benefits shopping portal Employee restaurant: With a balanced culinary offer and run by trainees. Water, tea and coffee are also freely available Further training: for professional and personal development with an annual budget of up to 1,500 ? per employee Fitness: Free use of the fitness area with modern equipment Golf: From the free introductory course to the discounted DGV license course? from special rates for golf membership, use of the golf course, the golf simulator and other golf facilities to an attractive shopping experience in the Achental Shop with brands such as Bogner, Ralph Lauren and Titleist Work clothing: Exclusive work clothing is provided and cleaned free of charge Team events: Regular events such as the summer festival and Christmas party, employee golf tournament, budget for individual team events Mobility: The hotel's bicycles can be used on request and depending on availability. Your tasks: Would you like to spoil the palate and soul of our guests with a fine meal and inspire them with an extraordinary service? Then you've come to the right place in our 2-Michelin-star gourmet restaurant es:senz. Behind the name es:senz lies the promise to focus on the essentials of every dish - just like our head chef Edip Sigl and his kitchen crew. A strong team of cooks should not be missing a strong service team. The team led by Simon Adam (Restaurant Manager) ensures a relaxed gourmet evening in the es:senz with its relaxed yet professional manner. The team is also complemented by our sommelier Iiro Lutter, who is responsible for the wine list. We are looking for support to take on the following tasks as soon as possible: Substitute for the station waiter Upscale food and drink service in the evening service Expert advice on the food and drink range and wine selection Guarantee of our quality standards Responsibility for the cash register system including billing In addition, filleting, carving and flambéing are also part of the job Your area of ​​responsibility Instruction from our Commis de Rang and trainees Help in other F&B outlets if required Your profile: Ideally completed training in the hotel or catering industry or experience in a comparable position Host qualities and high customer orientation High quality awareness and service orientation Good specialist knowledge in the F&B area Autonomy , reliability and sense of duty Open appearance and a communicative manner	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.118000
