7517	10122	Demi Chef de Partie à la Carte (m/w/d) - Restaurant Empire	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. Plan your future with us and find new, exciting tasks in our award-winning spa hotel with international guests. Would you like to strengthen our team of around 150 motivated employees from different nations and work in the Hotel Victory at the Therme Erding? Do you ooze empathy and treat people with respect? Do you love flat hierarchies and are you looking for a working environment that gives you a lot of creative freedom and responsibilities? Then you've come to the right place! Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. For our award-winning ?Fine Dining? Evening restaurant ?EMPIRE? we are looking for a creative, ambitious Demi Chef de Cuisine with immediate effect or by appointment. YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY to create an extraordinary workplace in a creative and dynamic team, to create an extraordinary, unforgettable and carefree guest experience in one of the best restaurants in its category, to serve guests an unforgettable menu, to support the chef in the implementation of our exclusive à la carte offer for our guests to ensure that everything runs smoothly with your team colleagues and to implement the company's own quality standards to work on a unique gastronomic concept and to convey this to your team and our guests to pass on your positive attitude and positive charisma to colleagues and guests alike YOUR PROFILE a high level of service and quality thinking and have a pronounced understanding of the needs and desires of other people have completed training as a chef, also at least 1 year of work experience in upscale gastronomy, in a comparable position, if possible in upscale gastronomy, independent, effective work, show initiative, are resilient and act with foresight Economic thinking and action as well as the constant willingness to get involved in the team and to participate in the optimization of processes WE OFFER a unique job with the opportunity to help shape a motivated team Use of the F&B offer (benefits in kind) of our company Various further training opportunities Performance-related remuneration as well as a unlimited employment contract Flexible rostering according to individual life plans Use of the hotel's own fitness area, discounts in over 500 hotels in DACH and other internal discounts within the hotel CONTACT Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form, by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations, to:	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:05:57.971000
