8413	11018	Demichef de partie (m/w/d)	Located in the heart of Berlin, between Alexanderplatz and Potsdamer Platz, the Novotel Berlin Mitte is the ideal location in the cosmopolitan city for business travelers and city vacationers. 238 modern, light-flooded and fully air-conditioned rooms await you. Our 6 light-flooded conference rooms offer up to 280 guests on 445 m² enough space for effective and creative work. Our mission at Novotel Berlin Mitte is to create unforgettable moments for our guests by connecting hearts from arrival to farewell. A job, a career or a calling - whatever brings you here, we have something for you! As part of our team you can: gain experience worldwide. Discover limitless possibilities in 5000 hotels in over 100 countries. benefit from preferential prices around the world and many other advantages with your Heartist discount card. access a wide range of learning and development programs at our academy. Actively participate in initiatives to build a more inclusive and sustainable world Contract type: Full-time Number of hours: 38h per week Salary/ Compensation: Tariff with above-average remuneration (13th salary, vacation pay, bonus scheme) Start date: by arrangement As our next demichef de partie ( m/f/d) Do you have a certain passion and bring creativity to the preparation of seasonal and regional foods, ingredients and flavors. Prepare dishes for our international guests consistently and in line with brand standards. Assist in serving and preparing food in all areas of the kitchen. Keep the kitchen clean and tidy at all times and follow all food safety and health and safety guidelines. Do other tasks in the kitchen as needed. A little more information: We look forward to giving you the opportunity to work with our fantastic team who can support and encourage you in realizing your personal and professional goals in your future career in hospitality. Our hotel offers 238 rooms and 6 conference rooms as well as a restaurant with a hotel bar. It's important to see things from our guests' perspective. While you're settling into your new role, we'll arrange a one-night stay so you can experience this first-hand. If you think that you are the right candidate for the Demichef de Partie (m/f/d) position, then please click on "apply" now! We'd love to hear from you! One more thing... When you work at the Novotel Berlin Mitte, you are part of the Accor network, the global leader in hospitality. With us you can be who you are, work with purpose, grow, learn, enjoy and discover the unlimited possibilities of Accor. Discover our talent stories at heart-of-hospitality.com or on Instagram @heart. of.hospitality Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: We are an inclusive company committed to attracting, hiring and developing diverse talent and creating an environment where everyone feels included.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.974000
