7033	9638	Deputy head of the day-care center	For our AWO Kinderhaus Auguste facility, we are looking for a deputy facility manager for day-care facilities m/f/d for the earliest possible starting date. The position includes 39.0 hours/week. and is unlimited. The classification is based on TV AWO NRW in salary group 8. Support in the management of the facility with up to 25 children and 3 groups, including regular delegated management tasks and, in the case of substitution, taking on personnel and organizational responsibility for the daycare center. Supporting the further development of the overall concept of the daycare center The institution’s upbringing, care and educational mandate in accordance with the legal requirements, the mission statement and the professional standards and quality specifications Cooperation with the provider on technical and organizational issues Cooperation with parents, schools and institutions and in committees Pedagogical work as a social worker Training as a state-recognized *r Educator with willingness for further training in social management or degree in social pedagogy or pedagogy of childhood Identification with the AWO values ​​​​and children's rights At least 2 years of professional experience as a specialist in the elementary sector, preferably in various daycare centers, all age groups and practical instructions Communicative competence and Appreciative behavior Management skills and teamwork Conceptual, innovative and administrative skills Good to very good PC knowledge, especially MS Word and Excel Commitment to AWO values ​​Solidarity, tolerance, freedom, equality and justice in companies/associations and society Family-conscious personnel policy and company health management Company Pension scheme according to collective agreement regulations Contribution of ideas and participation in the team, facility and association Opportunities for further training and development We look forward to receiving your application by February 14th, 2023. Is the position not a good fit for you? never mind More jobs are waiting for you at www.perspective-awo.de. Good to know: AWO Ostwestfalen-Lippe e.V. is certified according to ISO 9001 and the AWO quality requirements. We have been recognized as a family-friendly company. Severely disabled people are given preference if they have the same qualifications and suitability. According to § 7, 1 TzBfG, full-time positions can also be converted into part-time positions, provided that the job is suitable for this and urgent operational issues do not conflict	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:04:58.782000
