7789	10394	Deputy Team Leader Replacement Car (m/f/d)	You need more BUMMS in your life? A popping - squeaking - grinding, makes your engine purr contentedly? Are you an all-rounder and want a job with more responsibility? Are you looking for constant growth and a long-term perspective in a management position? Then support us as Deputy Tealmeter (m/f/d), Supervisor (m/f/d) or Team Support Specialist (m/f/d) in the field of replacement car business and drive our development forward! We look forward to seeing you! What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration + performance-related bonus + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES: For holiday and Sunday work PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days vacation and regulated working hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance MOBILE WORK: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work with your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and an RSAG job ticket or free Parking spaces DEVELOPMENT: You want more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring:   You bring with you several years of experience in the field of customer service and ideally you have been able to gain initial management experience. You love the exchange with your colleagues (m/f/d) and are committed Join your team in challenging situations You enjoy customer contact and an agitated customer doesn’t upset you You have organizational talent and work independently and in a solution-oriented manner You are open-minded and communicative You have very good knowledge of German and English (spoken & writing) with You have in-depth knowledge of MS Office programs (Outlook, Word or Excel) What you do with us: You are the technical contact person (m/f/d) for our team in the field of replacement car business and the link between the team and Your team leader (m/f/d). As a product expert, you answer all questions regarding replacement and develop the product further together with us. You support the team management with process optimization as well as with onboarding and the planning of workshops. In addition, you will be responsible for coordinating day-to-day business, you will take care of our customers by phone and email and you will have a great team around you. Additional information Your area of ​​work: An open ear for our customers - nothing is more important to us. We are always there if there are questions, requests or problems. Whether by phone, email, chat or social media, whether in German or English: We are only satisfied when our customers are satisfied. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:31.325000
