3638	6243	Deputy Head of Nursing	WHAT YOU BRING WITH YOU: We care for PEOPLE. We care for LIFE.What do YOU ​​care for?You want to help shape the future of care and develop modern, service-oriented concepts for residents and employees? Do you know how to inspire, motivate and pull teams? Are you looking for a company where you can develop and put your vision of modern care into practice? Then apply now as a deputy care service manager for our Pro Seniore Residenz Hohenburg, Homburg in the Victor's Group! We only care for YOU! Your tasks at the care service manager Represent your absence by the hands, eyes and ears of the doctors create a feel-good atmosphere for our guests achieve the best possible care quality by ensuring our quality standards carry out proper and professional care documentation instruct our nursing staff professionally and promote your profile enjoy conceptual work organizational talent, decision-making ability, communication skills and team spirit completed training in geriatric care, health - and nursing or health and pediatric nursing with appropriate professional experience, ideally further training as a nursing manager or the willingness to complete this in the future, we also welcome students in a nursing science degree (e.g. B. Nursing management) as a working studentYour benefitsSeveral weeks of intensive onboarding & coachingFamily & Friends discounts in our Victor's Residenz-Hotels & FerienResort Portugalclose and appreciative cooperation with the management and diverse supportcomprehensive training and further education offers in our Victor's Global Academyattractive employee offers in over 600 shops from From fashion to technologyE-bike leasing for your health...all this and much more!APPLY NOW!Residence manager Ms Sabine Mathieu says: “We are a big house where there is always a lot to do. Nevertheless, or precisely because of this, we value a lot of humanity, cordiality and cohesion. Nursing – we only do that with heart.” STRONG IN THE GROUP: We are part of the Victor's Group with more than 120 senior citizens' facilities nationwide, two nursing schools and our own academy as well as 14 hotels and a holiday home complex in Portugal. As a family-run company, we distinguish ourselves more than 40 years of industry experience and enjoy new challenges. This job advertisement is aimed at m/f/d.	Head of Nursing	None	2023-03-07 15:58:00.794000
