7223	9828	Deputy Head of Reception	To strengthen our team, we are looking for a full-time Deputy Head of Reception (m/f/d) YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY Individual advice and support for our international guests in the hotel from the warm welcome to the farewell. Check in and check out with the "Elite" hotel software from smart systems. Guided house tours and roomings with the guests. Organisation, planning and implementation of individual guest requests. Creating unique, unforgettable holiday and conference experiences for our guests Krallerhof values ​​and guiding principles Ensuring employee satisfaction and their further development Induction of new employees Creation of service and holiday plans Information and complaint management Creation/control of invoices, statements and cash management Posting of services and sales to guest accounts Handling of Organizational and administrative tasks Processing, checking and maintaining registration forms and guest files Conducting job interviews WHAT YOU BRING WITH YOU Several years of managerial experience in a relevant position Specialist training in tourism with verifiable professional experience Empathetic leadership skills and leadership experience. Enjoying contact with guests in the luxury hotel industry. Well-groomed appearance and excellent manners. very good ability to express yourself in German and English. Role model with a hands-on mentality, solution-oriented approach and discretion. Ideally experience with systems such as hotelkit, Elite, hotel MSSNGR, Waldhart Software, SkiData and/or feratel. WE OFFER YOU FOR THIS Open-ended contract with 14 monthly salaries (aliquot according to KV) in a year-round operation with the willingness to overpay. 5-day week. Free fresh food every day, even on days off. Inexpensive staff accommodation in one of our staff houses. Free child care during the holidays or permanently. Diverse discounts on the mountain railways & various cooperation partners. Generous hotel discounts for your family members. Free use of the modern wellness and fitness area. Training opportunities and personal development opportunities. perfect leisure activities in the Salzburger Land region. Provision of your high-quality service clothing. "Bring a friend" rewards. If you would like to write the future together with us, we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application. Please refer your application to career account, many	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:05:22.097000
