8282	10887	deputy Hotel manager m/f/d	CAREER AT THE CLIFF HOTEL RÜGEN RESORT & SPA Ahoy? Working with a sea view! Jobs against wanderlust? Wherever you're from, whatever you're up to. Whether you are a specialist or a career changer, we have jobs in your dream location. Would you like to jump into the sea after work, watch the sun rise over the sea, work with us? Then trade the big city for an island, mountains for the Baltic Sea and apply. YOUR NEW EMPLOYER The Cliff Hotel Rügen is one of the best-known and most renowned hotels on the Baltic Sea coast. The size of the hotel and the wide range of services guarantee our guests a varied stay and our employees an interesting, diverse and varied working environment with many development opportunities in a friendly team. The Cliff Hotel is part of the successful family business ?Privathotels Dr. Lohbeck? with 26 locations in Germany, Austria and the USA ? exciting career opportunities at home and abroad included! We are looking for a deputy to strengthen our team. Hotel manager (m/f/d) Your tasks Cordial and comprehensive care of our guests and maintaining active guest contact Living exemplary role as host for our local, national and international guests Representation of the hotel Active leadership and motivation Independent management of the operative areas of the hotel incl. Consistent quality management Completed training in the 4 and 5 star hotel industry Management experience in a comparable position with large teams of employees (+ 100 employees) Passion and emotional sensitivity for the role of host Good understanding of numbers and analytical thinking Discretion and trustworthiness, reliability High self-motivation  Flawless manners, you Live our company philosophy very good MS Office and Fidelio Knowledge of Class B A appreciative, demanding and versatile task with space for ideas for ideas in a growing, cherished and dynamic company Personal development and training offers independent work and freedom for creativity at work career opportunities in the company. 5-day week Childcare Discounts in our partner hotels Meals during working hours in the staff canteen Free parking spaces for cars Free bike rental Accommodation available Staff events	Manager - accommodation facility	None	2023-03-07 16:07:31.883000
