7491	10096	Deputy reception manager (m/f/d)	A new journey always begins with a small step. We are looking for a new addition to our small family at the Best Western Plus Hotel Erb in the east of the Bavarian capital. Are you a host with body and soul, like to work in a warm and familiar environment, show initiative and have your heart in the right place? Then we would like to give you a warm welcome! When we get to know each other personally, we will be happy to tell you more about your future areas of responsibility and the opportunities we offer to get started and develop further! Make a difference with us and take the opportunity to bring your own personality to our family business in order to further advance and expand the existing success together as a team! Your profile Successfully completed vocational training in the hotel industry or comparable qualifications. At least 3 years of professional experience at reception or in reservations Open, communicative and careful way of working with a heart for guests. Enjoy dealing with national and international guests. Fluent knowledge of German and good knowledge of English; any other language skills are an advantage. Good computer skills as well as hotel software systems, ideally PROTEL. Your tasks Representation of the reception line in the operative? and administrative business Check-in and check-out of guests Accepting telephone calls and written correspondence Guest care Ensuring smooth communication with all departments Responsibility for your department Shift work in the early or late shift (6:30 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. / 2:30 p.m - 11:00 p.m.) We offer free, healthy employee meals and drinks. Salary paid on time, holiday and Christmas bonuses as well as bonus payments Small appreciation in the form of birthday and anniversary gifts such as a EUR 50 Amazon voucher Discounted Family & Friends rates at Best Western worldwide, in the Hotel Erb and for the Almgrill restaurant. Many other corporate benefits and discounted employee rates with many well-known partners. Minute-by-minute electronic recording of working hours with a working time account for a better work-life balance and more flexible time off. Individual training opportunities to promote your skills and talents. Some of the employee clothing is provided, including washing, drying and ironing facilities. Job bike offers and free e-scooters for employees without a car. We are looking forward to your application! We look forward to receiving your meaningful application, stating the possible starting date and salary! If you have any questions beforehand, do not hesitate to contact us personally at xerb@hotel-erb.de or by phone at +49 (0) 89 99 11 00.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:05:54.787000
