8321	10926	deputy Event Manager / Service Manager (m/f/d)	deputy Event Manager / Service Manager (m/f/d) WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as a deputy. Event Manager / Service Manager (m/f/d) Gelsenkirchen | Part time / full time Working hours: flexible Job ID: 2666-321/2023 Apply now Click on this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals Company pension scheme via our pension fund Good connection to public transport. Local transport and parking Free salary account Company health management Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse further training and career opportunities Tasks: Working in the catering facilities of the ZOOM Erlebniswelt managed by Aramark Organisation, planning and implementation of events Communication with customers, Guests and contractual partners Leading the service teams at events and coordinating the service processes Ensuring compliance with hygiene and safety regulations Your profile: Professional experience in the catering industry? preferably in the service/event area High customer and guest orientation Quality awareness, team spirit and time flexibility Good PC skills Contact Do you have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks Working in the catering facilities of the ZOOM Erlebniswelt run by Aramark Organization, planning and implementation of events Communication with customers, guests and contractual partners Management of the service teams at events and coordination of service processes Ensuring compliance with hygiene and safety regulations Professional experience in the catering industry ? preferably in the service/event area High customer and guest orientation Quality awareness, team spirit and time flexibility Good PC skills Attractive remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Free meals Company pension scheme through our pension fund Good connection to the public Local transport and parking Free salary account Company health management Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse further training and career opportunities Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry analysis Kununu.com 2022	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:36.665000
