7696	10301	Deputy Restaurant Manager (m/f/d)	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: Warm, competent and professional support for our guests Operational & administrative support and representation of the restaurant management Independent work in all our restaurants Management of events Proactive sales through competent advice on the choice of food and drinks Compliance with quality and hygiene guidelines as well as the set standards Support in the training of service staff and trainees Communication and close cooperation with the kitchen team and event sales You have: Completed training and extensive professional experience in upscale gastronomy Affinity for warm guest care Great professional and subject-related interest Extended knowledge of wine Flexibility and team spirit Good spoken German and Writing Foreign language skills at least in English We offer: Pay above the collective agreement A permanent employment contract A 5-day week Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Regular employee get-together Relaxation during the breaks in Our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking (subject to availability) Contact Please send your application to our Head of Human Resources, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:06:19.932000
