8126	10731	Deputy Housekeeper (m/f/d)	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: Supporting and deputizing for the housekeeper Order and cleanliness in the guest rooms and suites Order and cleanliness in the public areas Instruction and control of the floor staff and the employees in the laundry Daily work scheduling Administrative work, such as B. Creation of the roster Regular control of the quality standards You have: Completed training in the hotel business or as a housekeeper: in or professional experience in a similar position in the upscale hotel or catering industry A trained eye for details in terms of quality and cleanliness as well as distinctive service and service orientation Hands-on mentality A friendly, charming and well-groomed appearance Flexibility and the ability to work in a team Fluent knowledge of German, both spoken and written Foreign language skills at least in English   We offer you: Pay above the collective bargaining agreement An open-ended employment contract A 5-day working week account with the possibility of balancing out Family working atmosphere with motivated employees and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personality development and training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Regular get-togethers outside the home Discounts on corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) Inexpensive staff accommodation (according to Availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability)   We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.834000
