6337	8942	Designer: in primary technology for substations (m/f/d)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Regensburg | Indefinite | Part time or full time | 211416
We make it possible for around 7 million people in our Bavarian supply areas to be reliably supplied with energy. The energy transition is succeeding, because around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. Shape the future of energy with us. The Bayernwerk Group, a 100 percent subsidiary of the E.ON Group, offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations, such as network operation - expansion, further development of the energy networks or customer solutions for electromobility.
To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for a designer: in primary technology for substations (m/f/d) as soon as possible. If you are interested, please apply by March 7th, 2023.
A task that challenges.
As a designer: in primary technology for substations (m/f/d) you will develop solutions for our customers and implement them. In this way you will actively contribute to the energy revolution, a secure supply and the energy system of tomorrow. Support us in positioning Bayernwerk Netz GmbH sustainably for the future.
You as a designer: You are responsible for the primary technical implementation planning for our customer projects in the area of ​​substations (110-kV and 20-kV).
You as an energy hero: You work closely and customer-oriented with sales and project management.
You as a strategist: You develop and refine technical solutions and concepts and derive possible product standardizations.
You as a driver and pioneer: You accompany the projects on schedule and with new ideas in close cooperation with our customers, sales and project management.
Your appearance with effect: You represent the Bayernwerk externally and represent it in the context of important (corporate) projects. Internally, you are a role model and live our occupational safety culture. You make your knowledge available to your teammates in operational project management.

A background that convinces.
"WE before I" is very important to us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility.
You are a hands-on designer who realizes your own ideas. You take things into your own hands and turn them inside out if necessary. In addition, you understand what inspires our customers and what is important for the joint development of individual and practical solutions. With your strong communication and coordination skills, you have the courage and persuasive power to take others with you.
The health of our employees is the most important thing. You have an eye for people and are sensitive to the issues of safety and health.
You have knowledge and experience in the primary technical design of switchgear and have relevant experience in common CAD tools such as AutoCAD and ideally also Primtech.
You have successfully completed vocational training as a draftsman, technical draftsman or technical product designer and ideally have completed further training to become a master craftsman or technician.

An environment that inspires.
We are a regional employer that is proud of our family working atmosphere. So that you integrate quickly and feel comfortable in the Bayernwerk family, we will work with you to design your successful induction.
We invest in your personal and professional development and offer you a wide range of opportunities for individual further training.
Our collective agreement offers you security. Your attractive remuneration is framed by many additional benefits such as a Christmas bonus, sick pay allowance, accident insurance and our company pension scheme.
A healthy balance between work and leisure is important to us! That's why we offer you a flexitime account, which you can use to convert overtime into free time, as well as 30 days of annual leave.

Do you still have questions?
For more information on the recruiting process, please contact Julia Smirnova, +499412017729.
Questions about the area of ​​responsibility or the future team will be answered by Matthias Kugler, +499412014453.
Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 7th, 2023.
With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities corresponds to our self-image and we therefore welcome their application.	Technical product designer (without specializations)	None	2023-03-07 16:03:33.628000
