6335	8940	Designer: in electrical engineering (m/f/d)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Bamberg, Regensburg or Dachau | Indefinite | full time | 213485
We make it possible for around 7 million people in our Bavarian supply areas to be reliably supplied with energy. The energy transition is succeeding, because around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. Shape the future of energy with us. The Bayernwerk Group, a 100 percent subsidiary of the E.ON Group, offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations, such as network operation - expansion, further development of the energy networks or customer solutions for electromobility.
To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for a design engineer in electrical engineering (m/f/d) as soon as possible. If you are interested, please apply by March 7th, 2023.
A task that challenges.
As a design engineer (m/f/d) you will actively contribute to the energy transition, a secure supply and the energy system of tomorrow. Support us in positioning Bayernwerk Netz GmbH sustainably for the future.
You as a designer: You are responsible for developing a modular system for creating circuit diagrams for our systems (e.g. substations, switching stations).
You as an energy hero: You develop technical standards in control, protection and control technology for new construction and conversion projects (high and medium voltage switchgear).
You as a strategist: You implement the company standards in the construction of new high and medium voltage switchgear in Engineering Base and thus provide ready-made modules for our designers.
You as driver and pioneer: You are the driving force and develop Engineering Base into the central platform for our area.
Your appearance with effect: You represent the Bayernwerk externally and represent it in the context of important projects. You make your knowledge available to your teammates in operational project management.

A background that convinces.
"WE before I" is very important to us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility.
You are a hands-on designer who realizes your own ideas. You take things into your own hands and turn them inside out if necessary.
With your strong communication and coordination skills, you have the courage and persuasive power to take others with you.
You have an eye for people and are sensitive to the issues of safety and health.
You are interested in Bayernwerk's area of ​​responsibility and the topology of a supply network. You are also enthusiastic about IT topics and the change with regard to the digitization of a distribution network operator.
You bring knowledge and experience in the development of standards for the series production of switchgear or control cabinets and ideally you already have experience in common CAE tools (e.g. Engineering Base).
You have successfully completed electrical engineering vocational training and ideally further training to become a master craftsman / technician.

An environment that inspires.
We are a regional employer that is proud of our family working atmosphere. So that you integrate quickly and feel comfortable in the Bayernwerk family, we will work with you to design your successful induction.
We invest in your personal and professional development and offer you a wide range of opportunities for individual further training.
Our collective agreement offers you security. Your attractive remuneration is framed by many additional benefits such as a Christmas bonus, sick pay allowance, accident insurance and our company pension scheme.
A healthy balance between work and leisure is important to us! That's why we offer you a flexitime account, which you can use to convert overtime into free time, as well as 30 days of annual leave.

Do you still have questions?
For more information on the recruiting process, please contact Julia Smirnova, +499412017729
Questions about the area of ​​responsibility or the future team will be answered by Matthias Kugler, +499412014453
Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 7th, 2023.
With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities corresponds to our self-image and we therefore welcome their application.	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:03:33.384000
