8229	10834	Dietician (f/m/d)	With over 170 healthcare facilities in 14 federal states, Asklepios is one of the largest private clinic operators in Germany. The core of our corporate philosophy: Isn't it enough for us if our patients get well? we want them to stay healthy. We see ourselves as a companion who stands by people for a lifetime. ASKLEPIOS As one of the largest private clinic operators in Germany, we see ourselves as companions for our patients ? and as a partner to our employees. We bring together what belongs together: closeness and progress, cordiality and high standards, teamwork and appreciation, people and innovations. We are looking for a full-time dietician (f/m/d) for our Asklepios Service Hotellerie team at the Triberg location as soon as possible. Asklepios Service Hotellerie GmbH is a 100% subsidiary of Asklepios Kliniken. Our employees work nationwide in the field of service assistance, catering, in cafeterias, kiosks and at the reception of the clinics. YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY Your tasks include planning the various types of diet according to medical prescription You take over the deputy management of the kitchen You train our kitchen team in the field of dietetics You are also jointly responsible for the monitoring and implementation of the relevant legal requirements (HACCP, allergen management, etc.) You You ensure the daily kitchen processes and optimize them in cooperation with the management, in terms of economy and quality. The management and employee motivation is part of your tasks, such as operational resource planning, control and compliance with hygiene requirements, as well as inventory management and customer contact. This is a position in a cook-and-freeze operation YOUR PROFILE Completed training as a dietician (f/m/d) or training as a diet cook (f/m/d) Knowledge of hygiene and quality standards and HACCP guidelines Safe handling of common MS -Office programs Reliability and communication security High motivation and teamwork Organizational talent WE OFFER We offer you a varied job with attractive framework conditions and development opportunities in a great team in a constantly growing multi-service company. You can expect structured training, regular further training and regular working hours. You benefit from our attractive remuneration model, the many employee benefits and our company pension scheme or the possibility of the JobRad compatibility of family and career through flexible working and part-time models, among other things. Company health promotion and prevention through many offers as part of the ?Asklepios Aktiv? Program Employee discounts in many online shops and numerous discounts for leisure activities and events CONTACT We are happy to answer any questions you may have. Ms. Sandra Liebke Management Tel.: +49 7722955-167 E-mail: s.liebke@asklepios.com Please state in your application how you found out about us.	Dietician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:25.422000
