7704	10309	Director Residual Value Management (m/w/d)	Do you like reading Auto Motor Sport and are you always up to date with developments in the automotive market? Do you already have experience in the used car market and are you looking for a new challenge in a dynamic environment? Then become part of our team in Munich and start as soon as possible. Your work will focus on evaluating the fleet without a buyback agreement, optimizing the timing of its sale and preparing and running our residual value committees. You have influence on a fleet worth several ?100 million. Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you do with us: You are responsible for the preparation and implementation of the residual value committee for the international SIXT fleet and in this context you lead a team of residual value specialists You constantly monitor the used car market and make recommendations for vehicle purchases and vehicle sales You define the optimal time and place across countries of vehicle sales and thus contribute to global fleet management You create relevant reports together with a business analyst, develop and manage department and area-related KPIs You regularly present your results to the entire board What you bring: You already have several years of experience in the automotive industry and extensive specialist knowledge in the field of residual values ​​You work independently and feel comfortable in a dynamic environment in which your tasks develop with you You feel comfortable in an international environment and have no difficulties in switching spontaneously between German and English in day-to-day business You enjoy building and developing a team, ideally you can already demonstrate success here you feel comfortable presenting your results to different stakeholders including the group board Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits . Specifically for you, this means: 30 days of vacation, support with your old-age provision and capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development.? Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.? Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. Internal Audit also plays an indispensable role in this, combining assurance and consulting in order to optimize the effectiveness of the areas. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driving and Ch	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:20.946000
