7740	10345	Director Operations Development (m/f/d)	The Downtown Development team is a new team within SIXT and is responsible for creating, developing, testing and implementing new models, solutions and products for our Downtown Rental market. In close collaboration with the Product Owners of our tech products and our Branch Managers, you will bring new products on the way and by that create a premium efficient, timely delivery and collection operation. We are at the heart of SIXT's ambition of becoming market leader in every city we run operations. If you are a pioneer, are not afraid of the unknown , are a born team player and leader and have a creative innovative mind then apply here now! You have the opportunity to be part of the team that will enable SIXT's growth globally in the downtown markets.    What you will do: You are responsible for the development, testing and implementation of new operating models for downtown car rental globally. Together with the colleagues in the Downtown Development team you will work on the downtown mobility solutions of the future by creating new processes and products as well as more scalable and efficient operations in the back-end You analyze and optimize current back-end Downtown Operations, with a main focus on last mile delivery and collection of cars to and from our customers You innovate and build on future products to ensure efficiency, a seamless workflow and a frictionless customer experience together with Product Owners and Tech colleagues You are the sparring partner of the SIXT Leadership for complex and challenging current and future operational issues and solutions You lead the operational development workstream together with multi-disciplinary project teams and will also be expected set up an own team to realize our challenging goals About you: You are a born game changer. You like complex operational and logistical challenges and use your creativity and innovative mindset to come up with viable solutions that will have great impact on customer and operations You have vast experience in leadership roles within the operational/logistical domain. Preferably within the car rental, automotive or (food) retail industry You are digital savvy, have profound knowledge in e-commerce and experience with setting up new operating models You have experience with large, multi-disciplinary and complex projects or programs. You have a track record in bringing these projects and programs to a success You hold a masters degree in operations management, business management or supply chain management and are fluent in English, both written and spoken Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: The area of corporate development combines the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes first, projects to develop new business and products, growth initiatives in existing businesses, and M&A projects. Second, corporate development works on the continuous optimisation of business processes, increasing productivity and cost effectiveness, as well as expanding the product landscape in all divisions of SIXT. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of	Business-Development-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:25.330000
