7639	10244	Director Content Creation (m/f/d)	You are a content creation powerhouse, love to create content day and night and bring it to life across all relevant digital channels? You like to go bold and create content people fall in love with? We do too and to go even bolder, we need you! Join us and lead our global content team as Director Content Creation (m/f/d). DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You lead the global digital content creation for all SIXT products: rent, share, ride and subscription across all digital channels You develop the global content strategy, production frameworks and an iconic content type You create daily content for all social media platforms, newsletter, rental stations and website You structure content creation capabilities through the implementation of models and processes for sourcing information, analyzing, and creating content You lead, coach, and develop our Content Manager team. You organize regular knowledge sharing meetings and take care of the professional development of your team COME AS YOU ARE: You have successfully built a content creation house for a brand or in an agency You think in stories and how to bring one piece of content across various digital content channels to life You have a proven record of outstanding digital content creation on Instagram, youtube, website and CRM marketing You are experienced in steering creative processes from start to end and have previously worked with external agencies You are a strong and assertive communicator in English and German and have experience in leading and developing content production teams   You can engage with the executive board to drive decisions and your project forward Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Content-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:12.952000
