7916	10521	Director Global HR Projects (m/w/d)	The newly created position in Talent Acquisition aims to support the recruiting teams from a strategic point of view and to optimize the global recruiting processes along the candidate life cycle in terms of excellence and efficiency. You are responsible for all global standardization issues and the alignment of operational recruiting processes. In addition, you will oversee and support the conception, implementation and rollout of global talent acquisition projects. You will take the lead in building and leading a strategic Talent Acquisition function that will support and drive the transformation and growth of SIXT, as well as leading key recruiting projects and delivering results, while reducing the dependencies between Talent Acquisition, HR and other internal and external stakeholders administer. What you will do with us: You will lead, supervise and expand our newly founded Talent Acquisition Excellence Team, which is expected to consist of four team members. You will design, implement and accompany the introduction of global talent acquisition projects such as the ATS, online assessment tools and our AI Controlled skill platform for internal recruiting You are responsible for the global standardization and alignment of operational recruiting processes by establishing guidelines and standards, introducing new processes, organizing training and ensuring quality You optimize the KPIs for talent acquisition, interact with other countries and advise all (international) operational recruiting teams based on the KPIs You initiate a talent acquisition strategy based on the challenges of the changing job market and the expectations of the applicants What you bring: You have several years of sound experience and proven Achievements, on a global and cross-functional level, in the areas of talent acquisition and the execution of global projects from conception to implementation, preferably in a fast-paced and agile environment or a consultancy; You have an academic degree in a relevant field Your in-depth knowledge of talent acquisition and HR as well as your leadership experience allow you to successfully lead a team focused on the transformation and growth of the company and support them to think creatively and act effectively You are extremely good at communication, which allows you to build and maintain a strong network both within teams and across departments; you also have the ability to handle multiple tasks at the same time and prioritize accordingly Your successes in strategy development and major organizational transformations speak for themselves and enable you to convey and implement perspectives and innovative approaches at all levels You are fluent in English and German Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. Specifically for you, this means: 30 days of vacation, support with your old-age provision and capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:06:47.018000
