8383	10988	Dishwasher (m/f/d) part-time/full-time	The Mediterana is the unique day spa in Europe, which offers lasting relaxation with all senses with authenticity, love for the guest and for detail. And this with more than 20 years of wellness experience and with qualified spa experts who live wellness every day and always show the guests an extraordinary appreciation. Is that the Mediterana? Europe's unique day spa. Numerous awards and distinctions and the reviews of our guests prove us right and are an incentive for us to always keep our quality and hospitality at the highest level. You can find more information about our awards here Your area of ​​responsibility You are responsible for cleaning and sorting cutlery and crockery Sorting and putting away kitchen materials (such as pots, pans, etc.) Disposal work, proper waste separation You always observe our hygienic work safety guidelines What you bring with You convince with quality and sense of responsibility You inspire with commitment and flexibility A well-groomed appearance and good manners Good knowledge of German What we mean by appreciative treatment of employees | Our benefits WORK-LIFE-BALANCE:  Flexible working hours as part of shift work keep your life agile A GOOD KITCHEN FOR A GOOD MOOD:  From morning to night delicious food in our own staff canteen for little money TREAT YOURSELF: Staff discounts on boutique goods, private Visits to restaurants and partner companies YOUR HEALTH IS VERY IMPORTANT TO US: Fresh fruit every day, free use of a sun shower SWITCH OFF: Free use of the house with an escort after passing the trial period TIME FOR SPORTS: Free use of the sports area after passing the trial period MOBIL MACHTS: Business bike leasing with an employer subsidy for an open-ended contract WORKING FLEXIBLE PAYS OFF: You receive tax-free supplements for working in the evenings, on Sundays and public holidays UP TO DATE: Department-specific training and further education ARE WELL WELL: Job ticket after the trial period, free parking spaces and good connections DRINK ENOUGH:  Various water stations with our own well water as well as coffee and tea specialties WE ARE THERE: ?through intensive training, training courses and an always open ear DRESSES MAKE PEOPLE: You will be provided with a high-quality work uniform CHEERS TO YOU:  Elaborately arranged Company celebrations LOYALTY PAYS IT: Company honors for anniversaries TIME FOR FAMILY: Support for family events such as a wedding or the birth of a child PARTNERS OF FAIR JOB HOTELS: Discounts on overnight stays at the hotels listed by Fair Job Hotels RECOMMEND IT PAYS: We are looking for suitable employees. you know someone Perfect. Your commitment will be rewarded with a bonus Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete application documents!	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:44.287000
