8122	10727	Dishwashing and kitchen help (m/f/d)	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/Genussmaker-become These exciting tasks await you: You provide support with general kitchen activities and the preparation of meals You are also responsible for cleaning the dishes and kitchen utensils We value sustainability, so you are also responsible for it Waste separation within your department We'll get you excited: You have a general interest in kitchen work, we'll be happy to teach you everything else You work properly and conscientiously Working in shift systems and on weekends is no problem for you You can do it in German What you can look forward to: Performance-related pay from €13.00/h The possibility of providing temporary accommodation and/or arranging accommodation A permanent job Plannable working hours five days a week Bonuses for Sundays and public holidays as well as free employee parking Opportunities for further development and advancement in a diverse company Numerous benefits such as free tickets for Phantasialand and discounts at cooperation partners Contact Kerstin Westhaus Phantasialand ? Team RecruitmentÂ  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Bruehl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.345000
