8400	11005	Dishwasher m/f/d - 38 hours a week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. 3 moving days per year (for the time of moving before work) A strong works council Rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week A guaranteed weekend per month Tariff partner NGG Overtime rarely occurs Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay Supported in our restaurants You do all the cleaning work in the kitchen and take care of clean crockery, cutlery and equipment, among other things. You can rely on your accuracy and reliability at all times, because you are an important team member who guarantees that everything runs smoothly in the kitchen and thus contributes significantly to the satisfaction of the guests. What we expect from you Professional experience: first professional experience in the catering or hotel industry desirable Requirements: currently valid health pass and knowledge of HACCP Knowledge: knowledge of handling a flushing section and accident prevention is an advantage Characteristics: teamwork, flexibility, resilience and a friendly and competent charisma Language skills: Knowledge of German desirable Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling: A unique place to work.	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:46.388000
