8057	10662	Disponent (m/w/d)	We are looking for a dispatcher / service assistant (m/f/d) for vehicle repairs for our team in the repair center in Berlin as soon as possible. Ideally with experience in the areas of automobile, disposition, workshop or repair. What you do with us: You are responsible for the needs reports from our rental stations You are responsible for the scheduling of repair and accident vehicles You coordinate transfer and towing companies and take care of a smooth appointment You are responsible for the delivery of our fleet after repairs, back to its destination You will work closely with our cooperation partners and workshops. You will communicate fluently with our service providers and contacts in German and English What you bring with you: You have completed technical or commercial training You have already gained initial professional experience in the automotive industry, possibly as a service assistant / Dispatcher (m/f/d) You are a team player with a positive attitude Ideally, you have technical know-how and enjoy working with the latest and most modern cars You convince with assertiveness, commitment, coordination skills and negotiating skills You are enthusiastic about cars and have a driver's license and have a fluent knowledge of German. Additional information Our international repair center controls and organizes the repair assignment of the SIXT fleet with the help of several regional locations as well as the handling of the buy-back processes of the car rental. You can expect a location that is easily accessible by public transport or your own car and offers parking right in front of the door. We have a diverse, challenging job for you in Berlin with a wide range of design options! We offer you a modern and dynamic working environment in a highly motivated team! We encourage initiative, organizational talent and creativity! We offer you 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation We value innovative spirit and commitment! In addition to performance-related pay, we offer an innovative environment for professional development with short decision-making processes! We will hire you for an unlimited period right from the start, offer you holiday, night shift and Sunday work surcharges and up to 20 minus hours. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. We have cheap employee rates in the field of car rental! Have we sparked your interest? About the department: SIXT customers are on the road internationally, so one or two scratches are inevitable. The teams in our repair centers and in the Damage Management department are responsible for determining how the damage occurred, assessing the damage and the repair costs, taking care of the scheduling of the workshops and getting the fleet back on the road. In order to be able to include all decision-making factors for clarifying the facts, our colleagues form the interface to SIXT branches, customers, authorities and insurance companies. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Personaldisponent/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:04.380000
