6098	8703	Dispatcher for rail vehicles (f/m/d), Robert-Blum-Str. 1,	Dispatcher for rail vehicles (f/m/d) Specialist dispatcher for rail vehicles (f/m/d) Robert-Blum-Str. 1, 63452 Hanau Start date immediately DB Bahnbau Gruppe GmbH Commercial professions full-time (permanent duration) Job no. 167371 Job Ref. 144158 2 Job description We are looking for you as a dispatcher for rail vehicles for DB Bahnbau Gruppe GmbH at the Hanau location as soon as possible. Your tasks As a dispatcher, you are responsible for the independent planning of an optimal use of personnel and resources, taking into account technical, economic and social aspects when distributing the tasks and involving the works council / working time committee. You distribute the work orders (operative services) with all the necessary requirements to operative ones Employees You will also take care of the result-oriented cooperation with other units while looking after the interests of your own unit internally and externally. Identifying and showing potential for improvement, optimizing resources and involving other departments or third parties in scheduling are also part of your tasks You are responsible for checking the daily construction reports and checking mobile time management. You will carry out general administrative tasks, such as keeping lists and the relevant documentation. Finally, you will carry out special tasks on the instructions of the manager. Your profile As the basis of your career, you have completed professional training in the technical field and preferably with a railway engineering orientation General business management knowledge is a matter of course for you Preferably you have professional experience in the field of track construction and in operational service with PC knowledge, safe handling of standard and application-related software is easy for you You have a pronounced willingness to assume responsibility , goal orientation as well as an entrepreneurial way of thinking and acting with you makes a high degree of independence, initiative, assertiveness and commitment A high ability to deal with conflict, cooperation and integration round off your profile Your contact Team DB Schenker, Recruiting 030 297 49479 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Dispatcher - Warehouse	None	2023-03-07 16:03:04.373000
