6194	8799	Disponent:in (m/w/d)	STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH

Dispatcher (m/f/d)

                                                          pain

                                                          full time

                                                          req48491




Progress starts with us.
 At STRABAG, around 74,000 people at 700 locations around the world are working on progress. Whether in building construction and civil engineering, road construction and civil engineering, bridge and tunnel construction, in the construction of industrial and port facilities, in building management or in project development - we think construction ahead in order to become the most innovative and sustainable construction technology group in Europe. Each and every one of us is asked to do this: together we implement projects successfully and in partnership and grow with new tasks. Together we create great things.
 STRABAG Property and Facility Services (STRABAG PFS) is part of the STRABAG Group and is one of the leading real estate service providers in Europe. We offer tailor-made services for everything to do with real estate - from the long-term increase in property value to the optimal maintenance strategy and cost-reducing management. The portfolio includes real estate management, technical facility management, infrastructural facility management and industrial services. In the industrial sector, we provide technical services for buildings and production facilities as well as facility management. As a specialist for production maintenance, mechanical engineering as well as plant and media technology, it is our goal that our customers' production processes run smoothly. We look forward to receiving your application!

Tasks

Complete processing of standard cases including status monitoring in the ticket system, internal follow-up systems and customer systems
Scheduling and control of services for standard cases
Carrying out coordination with customers and service providers
Coordination of several related cases, bundling of cases and/or resources
Coordinate service disruptions and changes (e.g. postponements, access problems, follow-up tickets)
Implementation of a complete documentation in internal systems

qualifications

Completed school and vocational training - ideally technical with a commercial background or comparable professional qualifications
Several years experience
High customer and service orientation
organizational skills
Good to very good experiences in the MS Office package
Experience with the Microsoft applications Dynamics / Power BI or Power Automate is desirable



We offer

                                                                              We offer you: Performance-related remuneration, 30 days of vacation, company health management, practice-oriented further training, development prospects in the environment of a large corporation and company pension scheme. Become part of our team. Apply with your meaningful and complete documents including your salary expectations via the group-wide online job exchange with the above job ID. We are happy to accept applications from severely disabled people.


Contact

                          STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH
                          Michael Brandes
                          Eddesser Strasse 1, 31234 Edemissen
                          +49 151 10570236
www.strabag-pfs.com	Dispatcher - Warehouse	None	2023-03-07 16:03:16.197000
