8245	10850	Dispenser Car Sales (m/w/d)	Do you have a lot of experience in the automotive trade and would you like a new challenge in the field of car sales? Then apply today, because we are looking for a committed Agent Disposition (m/f/d) to strengthen our team at the Garching near Munich location as soon as possible. We look forward to seeing you! What you do with us: You are responsible for everything to do with payment processing in the area of ​​dealer sales You create detailed transport orders You are independently responsible for invoicing/invoicing/invoicing For our B2B and B2C customers in the after-sales area, you take over all communication and are at your side as a competent contact You create and post credit notes for customers You are responsible for archiving sales orders and the associated documents What you bring with you: You have completed commercial training or have several years of professional experience in the commercial field You have In-depth knowledge of vehicles from various manufacturers You are interested in IT and have good MS Office skills You are communicative, structured, keep a cool head even in stressful situations and act in a service-oriented manner You convince with commitment, determination and motivation You are enthusiastic about cars, own a driver's license and have fluent German language skills Additional information Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.372000
