7584	10189	District Manager (m|w|d)	Europa-Park In the heart of Europe, between the Black Forest and the Vosges, lies one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world. Over 5 million visitors from all nations come every season to be inspired by over one hundred attractions and shows. The innovative European theme concept, the largest connected hotel resort in Germany, decorations adapted to the seasons and a large number of varied and colorful events make Europa-Park an unmistakable and unique short holiday destination all year round. We invite you to take a look behind the scenes of our company on this company page. Discover the numerous facets that make this unique product what it is: one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world! Time for the next step on the career ladder! You are hospitable from the heart and feel at home in the world of system gastronomy? To manage several gastronomic outlets, we are looking for a manager with strong leadership and organizational skills as District Manager (m|f|d) Responsibilities: The structured management of several restaurant and snack businesses as well as the management of the subordinate restaurant managers and supervisors The operational control of the daily operational processes and the targeted deployment of your employees are among your main tasks With your positive attitude you inspire and motivate your entire team of up to 90 employees You ensure that your outlets carry out the introduction of new products and processes, including training and implementation of new products You are responsible for maintaining and controlling the quality standards in your operations You are the interface between the F&B managers, outlets and other departments, ensure clear communication and work constructively with you The daily report to the F&B managers and management belongs to Your other tasks Profile: You have completed vocational training in the field of business administration or comparable training You have several years of experience in system gastronomy or in retail with a branched company structure and have a good sense for personnel management You are well acquainted with the MS Office package as well as industry-specific software (POS systems / cash register software) and speak English and/or French You are a talented organizer and stand out with your motivation. In addition, you work in a structured manner and enjoy working in a team. We offer: A future-proof job with challenging, varied tasks in one of the most successful amusement parks in Europe A performance-based payment; You can also rely on Sunday and public holiday bonuses Long-term employment with the opportunity to develop yourself with our company and to develop professionally and personally A wealth of great benefits and additional offers at Europa-Park and at our cooperation partners An in-house academy, the offers you a wide range of further training options We can enjoy. We can be amazed. We are EUROPA-PARK. And who are you? Don't be discouraged if you don't meet all the points in our job profile. Just apply? Your personality is what counts for us. We look forward to seeing you!	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:06:06.199000
