6002	8607	District manager: in catenary, way to the water tower, 14554 Sedd	Specialist, Manager District manager in Oberleitung Weg zum Wasserturm, 14554 Seddiner See Start date May 1, 2023 DB Netz AG Operations & Maintenance Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 204667 Job Ref. 178473 2 Job description We are looking for you as a district manager in overhead line (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Seddiner See location as soon as possible. As a district manager with a vision, you will break new ground and we will give you the freedom you need to do so. Your tasks You are responsible for a complete and efficient implementation of inspections, maintenance and repairs as well as the prevention of infrastructure systems in the area of ​​overhead line systems in terms of the 3-i strategy and the standardized production system maintenance (SPI) as well as the OPEX and LEAN principles Plant responsibility for the assigned overhead line and electrical systems In addition, you ensure that the maintenance budget for your own systems for the energy systems area is adhered to and you are responsible for the timely notification of requirements for maintenance and investment measures. You ensure the development of training, junior staff and successor planning for the assigned employees of the overhead line in the assigned area and as a disciplinary manager you are in close contact with your employees You ensure that the economic objectives of the network for the energy systems are achieved, also with regard to resources such as external services, machines, devices etc. Responsibility for compliance with all Processes, guidelines and safety measures are also your responsibility and you are also happy to pass on your know-how to your team. Your profile You have a master's, bachelor's or IHK master's qualification and ideally have training as a district manager. Ideally, you already have training as a as an emergency manager in your pocket or are ready to acquire these qualifications Your professional knowledge is brilliant, you are not only familiar with regulations and legal regulations, you also know how to use collective bargaining regulations effectively Communication is the be-all and end-all when it comes to managing employees, Therefore, you are characterized by strong communication skills and are able to resolve conflicts in a goal-oriented manner. You have at least a class B driver's license to drive pool vehicles / an accident vehicle with special signaling system as part of emergency management. Participation in the on-call service is a matter of course for you. Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	district manager	None	2023-03-07 16:02:52.549000
