3566	6171	Doctoral student computer science - human-computer interaction (m/f/d)	As a university of excellence, the Technical University of Dresden (TUD) is one of the most powerful research institutions in Germany. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented, regionally anchored top university that wants to make innovative contributions to solving global challenges. In research and teaching, it combines engineering and natural sciences with the humanities and social sciences and medicine. This variety of subjects, which is outstanding nationwide, enables the university to promote interdisciplinarity and to bring science into society. TUD sees itself as a modern employer and wants to offer all employees in teaching, research, technology and administration attractive working conditions and thus promote, develop and integrate their potential. TUD stands for a university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, appreciation, innovative spirit and participation. It understands diversity as a cultural matter of course and as a quality criterion for a university of excellence. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who want to get involved with us and with us for the success of all with their performance and personality.

At the Faculty of Computer Science, Institute for Applied Computer Science, there is now a position as a professor for human-computer interaction


Research Associate / Doctoral Student (m/f/d)
(if the personal requirements E 13 TV-L are met)

until March 31, 2026 (length of employment according to WissZeitVG) with the aim of further academic qualification (usually doctorate). The compatibility of family and work is very important. The position is also suitable for part-time employees. Please note this request in your application. The opportunity for scientific work at the professorship Human-Computer Interaction is given. Taking over courses (exercises and internships) in the field of human-computer interaction; research support. know Works are located in the subject area of ​​accessibility. Participation in academic self-administration is required. Scientific university degree (master or diploma) in the field of computer science or media computer science; Very good knowledge of object-oriented software development. Knowledge of web technologies and interactive systems is desirable, as is experience in academic teaching and teaching organization. Knowledge of usability and accessibility is helpful for the scientific work in the professorship Human-Computer Interaction.	Computer scientist (university)	None	2023-03-07 15:57:51.919000
