3576	6181	Doctoral student medicine - Clinical-psychological intervention	The Friedrich Schiller University Jena is a traditional and research-oriented university in the center of Germany. As a full university, it offers a wide range of subjects. She bundles her cutting-edge research into the profile lines Light - Life - Liberty. It is closely networked with non-university research institutions, research companies and well-known cultural institutions. With around 18,000 students and more than 8,600 employees, the university significantly shapes the character of Jena as a cosmopolitan and future-oriented city.

In the Department of Clinical-Psychological Intervention (Prof. Dr. Gabriele Wilz) of the Institute of Psychology in the Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences at the Friedrich Schiller University Jena, there is a position as of June 4th, 2023, initially as part of a maternity leave replacement
Scientific staff
in the Department of Clinical-Psychological Intervention

part-time (50%) limited to September 10th, 2023 with the prospect of an extension as part of the subsequent parental leave cover for a further 10 months.

The Department of Clinical-Psychological Intervention deals with the treatment of mental disorders and psychological aspects of somatic diseases as well as counseling for mental problems or stress. The research focus of the department is the development and evaluation of psychotherapeutic interventions and counseling services, especially for older people (projects in the research outpatient clinic), caregiving relatives (including project: ReDiCare - Relieving Distressed Caregivers: A Pragmatic Trial) and people with dementia (project : Individualized music for people with dementia).

It is possible to work on the doctorate as part of one of the department's projects. The activity can also be combined with training as a psychological psychotherapist at the WPP training institute in Jena.
Preparation and implementation of application-oriented courses (4 SWS)
Instruction and training of student assistants regarding participation in application-oriented courses
Supervision of student theses
Participation in the research projects of the Department of Clinical-Psychological Intervention
Data management, processing and evaluation (process and result evaluation)
Participation in reporting (including public relations, project reports)
Creation of national and international publications
Administrative and organizational tasks
 
You have successfully completed a university degree - diploma or master's degree - in psychology.
Desirable is an interest in research regarding psychotherapy with older people as well as support offers for caregiving relatives and people with dementia.
You are confident in using common analysis software (Excel, statistics program SPSS, R and/or Mplus).
Good knowledge/interest in psychological evaluation methods is an advantage (both quantitative (e.g. structural equation models, multi-level models) and qualitative research methods such as evaluation of audio and video files).
A reliable, committed and independent way of working is a matter of course for you.
Ideally, you should have excellent teamwork and coordination skills.
 
Remuneration according to the provisions of the collective agreement for the public service of the federal states (TV-L) according to the personal requirements according to salary group (13) including a collective annual special payment
There is the possibility of working on the doctorate as part of one of the department's projects.
Psychotherapeutic training is supported. The continuing education course in Psychological Psychotherapy can be completed parallel to work at the Institute of Psychology. A therapeutic worker...	Doctor	None	2023-03-07 15:57:53.149000
