3565	6170	Doctoral student mechatronics - production planning of the future	As a university of excellence, the Technical University of Dresden (TUD) is one of the most powerful research institutions in Germany. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented, regionally anchored top university that wants to make innovative contributions to solving global challenges. In research and teaching, it combines engineering and natural sciences with the humanities and social sciences and medicine. This variety of subjects, which is outstanding nationwide, enables the university to promote interdisciplinarity and to bring science into society. TUD sees itself as a modern employer and wants to offer all employees in teaching, research, technology and administration attractive working conditions and thus promote, develop and integrate their potential. TUD stands for a university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, appreciation, innovative spirit and participation. It understands diversity as a cultural matter of course and as a quality criterion for a university of excellence. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who want to get involved with us and with us for the success of all with their performance and personality.

At the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Institute for Manufacturing Technology, there is a position as a professor for shaping manufacturing processes as soon as possible

Research Associate / Doctoral Student (m/f/d)
(if the personal requirements E 13 TV-L are met)

with 50% of the regular weekly working hours, for 3 years with the option of extension (length of employment according to WissZeitVG) and the goal of further academic qualification (usually doctorate). The development/research of ML-based methods and modeling techniques for the production planning of the future is your task, because the planning of a production determines its resource requirements. With intelligent planning approaches, enormous potential can be uncovered. Help us to raise this by not only doing research in this field, but also imparting your knowledge to students and applying it in research projects in industrial practice. This very varied and demanding area of ​​responsibility offers the opportunity to participate in research into environmentally friendly manufacturing technologies and to make the world of production technology more sustainable. The perfect introduction to the exciting and challenging world of science!
Very good to good scientific university degree in the field of information or technical sciences, preferably production engineering, mechanics or a similar orientation
high degree of self-motivation; Ability and willingness to familiarize yourself with new subject areas and methods
Good programming skills in at least one high-level language and good knowledge of modeling and simulation techniques and/or good knowledge of machine learning methods and a strong interest in deepening this knowledge
Fluency in written and spoken German or English (preferably both).
Independent, creative, goal- and solution-oriented way of working
Strong organizational and communication skills, as well as the ability to work in a team to work on the joint project in an industry-related environment.	Engineer - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:51.797000
