7800	10405	Document Management Clerk (m/f/d)	Are you sometimes just too specific to your friends and are you even looking for a career change in clerical work or have you already been able to gain experience as a clerk (m/f/d)? Then become part of our 11-strong invoice processing team and be responsible for the collection, verification and forwarding of all our invoices and documents as a full-time document management clerk (m/f/d). You lay the responsible foundation for smooth further processing by the accounting department. Sounds interesting? If you have any questions, just give us a call: 0381/8070 5420. What you do with us: That happens before your job starts: Our invoices and traffic tickets are scanned centrally and read out by an automatic text recognition system (OCR) and recorded by the system. Your job begins: You match them OCR data with the original receipts/documents, check and, if necessary, complete the data in the system. You ensure that the documents are fully recorded in the different workflow systems and guarantee a very high data quality. You then transmit the receipts to the downstream departments for further processing Processing You will, of course, receive structured training and can start promptly with a secure feeling. Because we are 100% digital, you will receive support from our accounting systems, which are intuitive and therefore easy to learn. d) from the hotel industry, retail trade, gastronomy etc. are very welcome; but you should have completed vocational training You feel confident in using MS Office products and enjoy working on the computer Your working style is characterized by accuracy, meticulousness and even with a high workload you can work in a concentrated and efficient manner You appreciate working in a team and understand that a daily goal can only be achieved together You are open to new areas of responsibility and are also interested in overarching topics You have basic knowledge of English in order to be able to process international documents and speak German at mother tongue level Additional information Working at SIXT does not only mean that to create the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, we will hire you for an unlimited period from the start, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. Cleverness and thinking outside the box is required in our assistant functions, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues facilitates cooperation. Keeping your back free for content-related topics and making everyday work work is a daily challenge here. In a great team that sticks together, however, these challenges are easy to master. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:32.679000
