7519	10124	Domestic worker (m/f/d)	66787 Wadgassen now part-time - 20 hours/week | Usually 6:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. or 2:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m. | flexible according to duty schedule | incl. weekends and public holidays (5-day week) Care gastronomy for seniors In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: As a dedicated housekeeping employee, you will become a valuable member of the team: Taking individual wishes into account, you will take on all necessary tasks - from feeding the residents to distributing them to the living areas of the facility. In this way, they help ensure that healthy and balanced food tastes twice as good. You enjoy working with people, because the residents need your support or assistance with everyday challenges (e.g. escort to the common room/changing room, etc.) Of course you keep your work area spotlessly clean? After all, you want to be able to get started again the next day. Not to forget: They make sure that the internal quality standards are met. Our ingredients for you: Sunday and public holiday bonuses Holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminar offers Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours , according to the roster with a 5-day week This will whet our appetite: Completed training (housekeeper or a comparable qualification) Initial practical experience in community catering is advantageous - ideally as housekeeping manager at an inpatient care facility (NOT a must!) Friendly, open-minded people and warm-hearted personality, who is service-oriented and works quickly, appreciates team play and combines all of this with a large portion of commitment Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh from school or a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Christian Burk Tel. 0172 3927125 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 059061	Housekeeper (without specializations)	None	2023-03-07 16:05:58.213000
