5946	8551	Dreher / Zerspaner CNC (m/w/d)	Work in a top company in the region. As a personnel service provider with more than 22 years of experience, we are looking for you. We specialize in temporary work, placement in permanent positions and the development of individual personnel service concepts. Trust us and benefit from it! As part of temporary employment with subsequent direct employment by the client, we are looking for you as: Lathe operator / machinist (m/f/d) Your tasks include... You have the following qualifications... program, operate and monitor lathing - and milling machines (also CNC) manufacture and processing of parts according to drawings

Permanent quality control on the product

Daily cleaning of the machines and the workplace

Observance of all occupational health and safety regulations and instructions

completed training as a turner/machiner or related training with professional experience

You are physically fit and able to work under pressure

health suitability for work in the 2-shift system

and have a class B driver's license

We offer you

employment subject to social security contributions and permanent employment contract

Punctual and correct remuneration according to the BAP/DGB tariff with allowances and surcharges, assignment-related in this order, for example at the beginning of €15/hour, of course with continued payment of wages in the event of illness and non-deployment, holiday and Christmas bonuses

a pleasant working atmosphere with personal support and high-quality work and safety equipment

Opportunity to arrange a company pension plan with employer participation

We look forward to receiving your application! You will find us in Fürstenwalde Scharm & Kowatsch Personalservice GmbH Fürstenwalde branch 15517 Fürstenwalde, Dr.-Wilhelm-Külz-Str. 56 office hours: Mon - Fri 08:00 - 12:00 and 13:00 - 15:30 or to arrange your personal appointment	Dreher/in	With more than 15 years of experience in the field of personnel services, we hire out and place workers from a wide variety of sectors with well-known companies in industry, trade and services in the Oder-Spree, Dahme-Spreewald region and beyond throughout Germany.

Whether you are a career starter or an "old hand", also as an unskilled person or someone who would like to reorientate yourself - you have come to the right place.

We offer you direct placement, entry via temporary work or an activity within the framework of your own projects.

Our recruiters and personnel dispatchers look forward to your call.	2023-03-07 16:02:45.583000
