107	2622	Driver Regional (m/f/d)	Driver Regional (m/f/d)

Location: Hamelin
Employment type(s): mini job, night work

In Hameln we are looking for a driver (m/f/d) in a part-time job for our office. Lateral entrants are also welcome. You will receive a permanent employment contract.



We offer you:


- Remuneration according to IGZ/DGB collective agreement
- Up to 30 days vacation (depending on seniority)
- Individual advance payments at the end of the month
- Special payments such as holiday and Christmas bonuses
- "Employees recruit employees" bonus of 350 euros




Your tasks:


- Bring or pick up our external employees from the assignments




Your profile:


- Driver's license with several years of driving experience
- German spoken and written
- Reliability and flexibility




We look forward to receiving your application!
You are welcome to apply electronically, by email or by post. On request, we also offer a job interview over the phone.


As a personnel service provider, we work with a wide variety of people. Day after day. As a family business, we attach great importance to harmonious, human interaction. That is the reason why we combine our solution-oriented, committed way of working with a special value system and an appreciative approach. We communicate honestly and confidentially. Act responsibly and reliably.

In our basic understanding, we do not see ourselves as a pure service provider, but as a provider of opportunities. For companies. For job seekers. For people with goals and visions. We connect employees and companies and are the strong link between them. This is how we help shape a wide variety of CVs.

Personal. Human. Family.



Information: The male designations used in the text are gender-independent. It is only used for reasons of better readability.

Busche Personnel Management GmbH
Hamelin office

Mrs Katrin Ball
Domeierstrasse 1
31785 Hamelin

Phone: 05151 - 9 62 33 - 0
hameln@busche-personal.de
www.busche-personal.de

Department(s): Commercial
Collective agreement: IGZ	Driver - passenger transport	None	2023-03-07 15:50:45.487000
