8076	10681	Driver (m/f/d)	28199 Bremen-Neuenland effective immediately full-time - 40 hours/week | Usually 3:30pm - 12:00pm | flexible according to duty schedule | Monday - Friday (5-day week) company catering In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: You transport goods to different locations in the Bremen city area Loading and unloading the vehicle Stocking machines with coffee, rolls and snacks Our ingredients for you: Holiday and Christmas bonus Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual induction Extensive further training and seminars Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours, according to the duty roster with a 5-day week This gives us a taste: Ideally, you have experience in the field of transport of food or have gained experience in similar areas. Driving license category B/3 You work with commitment and quickly and enjoy working with people in a customer-oriented manner Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh from school or a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Mr. Rehe Tel. 0421 5596348 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 069090	service driver	None	2023-03-07 16:07:06.725000
