8301	10906	Dual student m/f/d wanted for tourism management	Our 3*** hotel with its 36 large and small rooms is surrounded by beautiful nature, surrounded by meadows and fields with an unobstructed view of the lake. Our house is located directly on the Müritzradrundweg and is therefore an ideal starting point for cycling tours, hiking tours, horseback riding or carriage rides. In our wellness area with swimming pool, sauna and whirlpool, we will be happy to pamper you with expert treatments using high-quality products from the company Klapp. There are 12 horses and ponies in our riding stables, waiting to teach young and old horse lovers how to ride and how to handle horses properly. Even experienced riders can learn something new with us or go on guided rides in our beautiful area. Our little guests can romp and play on our outdoor playground with climbing lighthouse, in our playroom and on the extensive lawns. In the summer months, our bathing area with sunbathing lawn invites you to soak up the sun and relax. Holidays and travel are becoming more and more important. Vacation means switching off, relaxing and forgetting the worries of the stressful everyday life, having fun, discovering new things and thereby recharging your batteries. But all of this is only possible thanks to the people who work where others go on vacation: contacts on the phone and on site, marketing managers, bookkeepers, HR managers. All of these professions and many more need to be covered. In the dual degree in tourism management, you will learn how each department of a tourism company contributes to the perfect holiday. As a recognized university, the IU will provide you with the industry-specific theoretical knowledge that you can then use to get started in our company. Since this course is a management course, business administration will also be an integral part of the theoretical and practical phases. Business English will also be part of your IU curriculum - because guests come from all over the world. You get the perfect combination of theory and practice. With us, you study and work on alternate weeks or in a split-week model, which means you spend half of your training time in the company and the other half at the university. (Berlin, Rostock or virtual) After you have studied and worked for seven semesters, you will complete your studies with a Bachelor of Arts. Once you have passed the exam, you will be a sought-after specialist in the steadily growing tourism industry. Your advantage over full-time students: In addition to theoretical knowledge, you have gained practical experience over 3.5 years, which makes you attractive to employers, because you can be used in a variety of ways, including at upper management level. What are your tasks during the practical phases? At the Flair Seehotel Zielow you are the first point of contact for our guests on site: you will advise them and check them in and you organize all the important tasks in the background so that the customer has a perfect stay. In our reservations department you will advise interested parties, process and create offers and bookings. You maintain direct contact between reception, room service, kitchen, restaurant, wellness area, childcare and our riding stables. You are also jointly responsible for processing complaints and take care of our evaluation management. You help to develop Marketing measures together with us, carry them out with us, look after and edit our websites as well as Facebook, Instagram etc. and represent the company at trade fairs. You will also be deployed in our administrative departments, such as accounting and back office, and will gain insights into controlling, account management and human resources you will also take part in our future projects and can contribute your own ideas What requirements do we have of you? You have a (technical) high school diploma or as an applicant without a high school diploma: a master craftsman or a qualified vocational qualification with professional experience or you are a state-certified technician or business economist independent learning and working are not a problem for youYou are friendly and courteous and do not let yourself be left out You are friendly and courteous and don't let yourself be disturbed Independent learning and working are not a problem for you You speak and write German well and at best English You are proficient in using MS Office programs You are ready to to work weekends and public holidays What do we offer you? we will cover your tuition fees we will also pay you a monthly fixed salary you will take part in the Flair trainee days of the Flair Hotel e.V. (hotel cooperation) further training seminars will take place regularly you will be fully integrated into everyday work from day one your day will be shaped by fulfilling your needs	Assistant/in - Hotel management	None	2023-03-07 16:07:34.224000
