8364	10969	Dual studies (m/f/d) - hotel management	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Dual studies (m/f/d) - hotel management benefits trainees events capital-forming benefits employees - and family & friends rate in our hotels good transport connections career development Maritim Academy employees & trainees events corporate benefits Your tasks During the practical phases you will go through all departments of our hotel: Service (breakfast and banquet service, à la carte restaurant and piano bar), housekeeping, F&B, kitchen, reception, reservations, events office, accounting and human resources department Optimal combination of theory and practice Duration: 3.5 years Degree: Bachelor of Arts Our university partner is the IU in Munich Your profile The prerequisite is general higher education entrance qualifications and a place to study at the IU Munich in the tourism industry course with a focus on hotel management Your German and English skills are very good You have a friendly, confident and well-groomed appearance You are a passionate host Flexibility is a matter of course for You  In the best case scenario, you have already been able to gain experience in the hotel industry through an internship. We will pay the tuition fees and you will also receive a small amount of pocket money. Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and look forward to receiving your application.	Businessman - hotel management	None	2023-03-07 16:07:41.956000
