7772	10377	Dualer Student (m/w/d) - Hotel management	Lindner Hotels AG is a family-run hotel company based in Düsseldorf and has a portfolio of over 30 hotels in seven European countries. The group offers two high-quality hotel brands under one roof: The classic brand Lindner Hotels & Resorts stands for individual business and resort hotels that are committed to all-round service for the guest. The me and all hotels brand, founded in 2015, relies on boutique character, technical finesse and local events in central city locations with individual design and casual flair. Not only our guests, but also our employees should feel comfortable with us. We are therefore proud to be one of the kununu Top Companies 2022 (Germany's largest employer rating portal). Our hotel: Meeting point SpielFeld! Hotels are a dime a dozen and many advertise that they are special. We not only want to advertise with something special, we also live it! The Lindner Hotel & Sports Academy is a theme hotel in the middle of Frankfurt's city forest - right next to well-known sports associations and the Deutsche Bank Park. Thanks to the relaxed and sporty ambience, we are able to inspire and satisfy our many customers and guests again and again. Now we only need new players in our team who will help us to keep our good place in the table! Are you in? Apply now to start your studies in 2024! Our benefits: Special benefits during your studies: Guaranteed employment after your studies  Lindner trainee onboarding ? In order to make your start with us easier, you will get to know the company and the contents of your practical part in various ways. At the end you go on your first business trip - the Lindner AzubiOnboard welcome event Voluntary, internal exchange program L!FT ? get to know one of our other hotels for a period of 4 weeks Regular appraisal interviews on the status of the training TalentBootcamp ? Training event on soft skills, specialist knowledge and general exam preparation. Day to Stay? We will show you your career opportunities in the company for the path after your studies General Lindner benefits such as: Discounted accommodation rates for you, your family & your friends in all Lindner Hotels & Resorts and me and all hotels Corporate benefits - discounts at over 1000 well-known companies Anniversary and special bonuses Games, fun and lots of knowledge through our e-learning tool Education and training (external & internal) Capital-forming benefits and company pension scheme Company bicycle leasing via "Lease a Bike" Free provision of work clothes Free parking Team events The tasks : An exciting, challenging and, above all, varied course of study awaits you! You will learn the complete "hotel basics" and go through departments such as:   Front Office | Housekeeping | Restaurant | kitchen | Banquet | Bar | various administrative departments such as sales | Event Sales | Accounting and the interfaces to Marketing & Revenue   At the same time, you will acquire all the theoretical knowledge at the vocational academy so that you can apply it in your daily work environment. Planning, evaluation and control as well as commercial procedures, key figures and processes play an important role. After completing your studies, you will have an overview of all processes with the aim of taking on responsibility quickly later. In the field of dual studies, our house has been successfully cooperating with the Rhein-Main vocational academy in Rödermark for several years. The university is available as a partner for the business administration and international business management course with a focus on hotel management. If you prefer another university, we are also open and look forward to receiving your application. The profile: Your personality is our top priority! You are open-minded, communicative, helpful You have fun and enjoy dealing with people, guests and colleagues and working in a team You are flexible and motivated to learn new things You like to take responsibility and work independently The following is desirable: successfully completed technical college entrance qualification or High school diploma First practical experience in the hotel industry, e.g. through internships Very good knowledge of German and English (spoken and written) IT skills and confidence in dealing with Office programs	Manager - accommodation facility	None	2023-03-07 16:06:29.226000
