7455	10060	Dualer Student m/w/d Tourismuswirtschaft	The Long Island House - Sylt is a personally managed individual hotel on Sylt, which impresses with its pure, timeless design and a modern maritime atmosphere. The hotel has been mentioned in a variety of literature since it opened (e.g. GEO Saison) and has been reviving the hotel garni scene on the island of Sylt for several years. Attached to this is the sister company Ferienvermietung Sylt Homes by Blum with approx. 25 apartments. Get to know all areas of a privately run 10-room hotel and experience one of the top destinations on the North Sea coast? the island of Sylt. Get to know all areas of a privately run 10-room hotel and experience one of the top destinations on the North Sea coast? the island of Sylt. You can expect this: an exciting training position that you can actively help shape a motivated team & demanding but likeable guest clientele Tollution of the tuition fee according to the university contract exemption for the presence days at the faculty a 40h week in which we are practical and accented in all areas to the team member (core working hours: 7 a.m. to 5 p.m., e.g. 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. or 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. or 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., 5 - 6 days a week) Sufficient time for project-related activities or time for your studies, after 2 p.m. A family team at eye level An area of ​​activity where your wishes and ideas are taken into account Responsibility and a say from day 1 Additional training opportunities We provide nice staff accommodation with W-lan use ? free of charge - available More goodies: gym fee, various summer highlights, seaside cabaret Requirement profile: You need a company that matches your training for a mandatory internship or dual training/B.A. Hotel management Do you enjoy dealing with people personally and do you have prior knowledge of the hotel/gastronomy industry? You radiate a good mood in the morning and contagious cordiality, intuitive hands-on mentality and motivation to be a good host are your top priorities. Do you have a natural, friendly and open nature and a well-groomed appearance? Through the studies, independent and project-related work as well as knowledge in dealing with the well-known office programs and social media are known. selection d. Tasks: F&B management: food & beverage activities, breakfast service, buffet assembly/dismantling, purchasing & storage of food, labelling, quality management, hygiene, service processes, creative ideas and implementation on the subject of food and beverage, guest contact at the breakfast hotel), and much more Front Office Management ( Reception): Front office projects, including guest check-in and check-out, guest care, all-encompassing guest service, planning and implementation of guest brochures, welcome + information folders, texts. Processing reservations and bookings, telephony, housekeeping or housekeeping service, final inspection and, if necessary, insight into room cleaning, laundry care, and much more . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Administration, assistance d. Management: back office projects, including updating hotel statistics, processing delivery notes, maintaining d. Online portals, marketing/e-commerce planning and implementation, evaluation portals, dealing with reviews, marketing, e-commerce, advertising material planning and implementation, text, accounting / controlling / statistics / goods purchase (insight into the ongoing accounting), direct sales ideas, flat rates, and much more online marketing: entering free vacancies in booking portals, updating our reservation system) All areas of a 10-room hotel. In cooperation, an insight into other gastronomic establishments can take place. What we offer: ideal for students in the field of tourism / hotel management or similar courses that require a mandatory internship. Quick training & integration into our dynamic team Insight into all areas of a privately run individual hotel with a focus on: F&B / hospitality. in addition, a nice accommodation with private bathroom / kl. Pantry kitchen, a rental bike, the payment of the tuition fees and other? Goodies? to provide. Have we piqued your interest? We look forward to receiving your complete application documents!	Assistant/in - Hotel management	None	2023-03-07 16:05:50.319000
