5951	8556	Educational support (m/f/d) in the vocational training sector	The Görlitz workshops are a recognized workshop for people with disabilities. We offer people with a primarily physical, mental and/or emotional disability the opportunity to participate in working life.
More than 310 people with disabilities are currently finding individual support offers in a wide variety of productive areas as well as in the vocational training area of ​​our workshop. With a wide range of job offers, according to individual skills, we enable people to shape their everyday work.
In our funding area, we support people with multiple disabilities to follow a daily structure. It is our task to maintain, develop, increase or regain the performance and earning capacity of people with disabilities through a wide range of offers of vocational training, job offers in the execution of various activities in the working groups as well as suitable accompanying measures and thereby further perfecting their personality.

For the vocational training area of ​​the Görlitzer workshops, a position is to be filled from April for the duration of the absence of the previous job holder as:
Educational support (m/f/d) in the vocational training sector
(35h/week)
The area of ​​responsibility includes…

The support in professional orientation as well as the teaching of educational content in theory and practice for the people who take part in the measure in the field of vocational training. The approved implementation concept of the Görlitzer workshops and the AZAV requirements are decisive for this.
Together with the participants, they design the individual processes of their vocational training measure, including the relevant support group.
You create the support and target agreement documentation for the participants in the vocational training measure and ensure practical implementation.
You create the support and target agreement documentation for the participants in the vocational training measure and ensure practical implementation.

We expect from you …

completed vocational training as a skilled worker, journeyman or master craftsman in industry or trade
At least two years of professional experience is desirable
sufficient professional qualifications in the educational or social field.
Willingness for professional development
Category B driving license and willingness to transport people as part of the care task
PC knowledge (in particular MS Office programs, working on the Internet).
the following personal skills, abilities and strengths:

positive attitude towards working with people with disabilities
Ability and interest in imparting knowledge, skills and abilities
high sense of responsibility.
Ability to work in a team, flexibility, empathy, trustworthiness and discretion



Job Description …

Working hours: 35 h/week
Time limit: Purpose limitation for the duration of the absence of the previous job holder
Type of job: Employee subject to social security contributions
Remuneration: EG 4 according to TV PATT - €2,377.38 gross if the individual requirements are met in the form of additional special educational training EG 5 according to TV PATT - €2,663.50 gross
Start of activity: April 2023

If you are interested in this position, please send your application by March 13, 2023 to:
Görlitzer workshops e.V.
Robert Moeschter
Friedrich-Engels-Str. 39
02827 Goerlitz
or by email
rmoeschter@goewerk.de
(Application documents by mail please in a PDF document with file name)

It is pointed out that application documents will only be returned if a sufficiently stamped return envelope is enclosed and that expenses related to the application cannot be reimbursed. Applications without a stamped return envelope will be kept for 6 months from the application deadline and can be picked up by the sender during this time. After this period, the documents will be destroyed.	carpenter	None	2023-03-07 16:02:46.194000
