7051	9656	Educator, childhood educator, social worker, social pedagogue * social pedagogue	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. Every day care center is unique - so are you! The AWO Düsseldorf operates more than 30 day-care centers in the city of Düsseldorf. Whether it’s a day care center, a family center or a focus such as exercise, nutrition, inclusion, ecological education, language, music or supporting children with educational disadvantages - what is your heart beating for? We look forward to you actively helping to shape our facilities as a part-time or full-time pedagogical specialist (m/f/d). Do you already have a preference for which facility you would like to work? Here our daycare centers introduce themselves: www.awo-duesseldorf.de/familien/betreuung/kitasOr send us an unsolicited application and we will find out together with you which job best suits your wishes and skills. Accompaniment, care and support of children from the age of 4 months until they start school according to the "portfolio concept" Planning, implementation and documentation of educational offers and projects Educational partnership and trusting cooperation with the parents as well as holding discussions with parents Participation in the further development of the educational concept , quality assurance and the further development of the facility Implementation of the NRW education agreement State recognition as an educator or a degree in social pedagogy, social work, childhood education or a comparable degree You enjoy working with children and are curious about the world to experience and create together with you Spontaneity, flexibility and creativity in order to respond individually to the needs and interests of the children You keep an overview and calm even in the busy day-care center routine A strong ability to communicate and work in a team A feeling for worries and problems of the Children and a high sense of responsibility Great empathy and sensitivity as well as a professional approach to closeness and distance Your work pays off: remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) including special annual payment Good work-life balance thanks to 39 hours/week (full-time) and 30 Days of vacation Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Cheaper on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket An apprenticeship - many possible jobs within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many prospects You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Living values: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Active works council committees and Severely Disabled Representatives Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us!	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:05:01.036000
