7052	9657	Educator	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. With us you have many perspectives! We are currently represented in all-day care at 18 primary and all-day schools in the city of Düsseldorf and support a wide variety of focal points and concepts there - in short, we live diversity! Just tell us: What does your heart beat for? We are now looking for educators (m/f/d) full-time and part-time. Every school is as individual as you are - apply and we will find out together with you which job best suits your wishes and knowledge. State-recognized educator, social pedagogue * social pedagogue or childhood educator * childhood educator (diploma or bachelor’s degree) Enjoying the care, education and upbringing of children Ideally experience in dealing with school children Ability to work in a team, commitment, resilience Identification with the values ​​of the AWO Severely disabled applicants* inside will be given special consideration if they are equally suitable. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application via the AWO job exchange! Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Secure, permanent employment in a growing social enterprise Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) including an annual bonus Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent cheaper on the go: discount on your Rheinbahn ticket You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Values ​​we live by: Tolerance, fairness , justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representation for severely disabled people	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:05:01.159000
