7056	9661	Educator as group leader	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. In our open all-day schools (OGS) we enable families to reconcile professional and educational activities and support children in their school career. For our OGS Leuthenstraße we are looking for a creative, communicative and loving pedagogical specialist (m/f/d) for 27.50 hours per week. Group management Support for projects Cooperation with the school Parent work Ordering meals Administration and organization of everyday group life State-approved educator or social worker* Social worker (diploma or bachelor’s degree) Experience in dealing with school children Ability to work in a team Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus an annual bonus Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Less expensive on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket A committed, appreciative and open team An apprenticeship – many opportunities to work within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many prospects You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Values ​​we live by: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:05:01.653000
