5481	8086	Electronics technician for devices and systems (m/f/d) 2023	Company:


The Bundeswehr guarantees security, sovereignty and the ability of the Federal Republic of Germany to act in foreign policy. In addition, it protects citizens, supports allies and provides administrative assistance in the event of natural disasters and serious accidents domestically. In doing so, it is subject to the decisions of the Bundestag, the German Basic Law and international law.


Job Description:


Electronics technicians (m/f/d) for devices and systems control and monitor processes in the manufacture and maintenance of information and communication technology devices. They commission and maintain systems and devices. They create production documents, set up production and testing machines, install and configure programs or operating systems and are involved in quality assurance. They also advise customers and show users how to use the devices.


Qualification Requirements:


We expect you to have at least a qualified secondary school or junior high school diploma (or a comparable qualification). In particular, the focus is on performance in the main subjects German and mathematics and, depending on the training occupation, also in the natural sciences (e.g. physics, chemistry and biology) or in the first foreign language.


Other Information:


When selecting applicants, value is placed on professional, personal and character suitability. In addition to interest and aptitude for the chosen profession, you should be willing to learn, committed and able to concentrate. Team spirit, reliability and a sense of responsibility are also prerequisites for trusting cooperation.

Applications from women are strongly encouraged. Women will be given preference in areas in which they are underrepresented if they have the same suitability, qualifications and professional performance, unless reasons relating to the person of a competitor prevail.

Applications from people with disabilities are expressly encouraged. Severely disabled people and those of equal status will be given preferential consideration if they are equally qualified. Only a minimum level of physical fitness is required of them. Individual disability-specific restrictions prevent preferential consideration only in the case of absolutely necessary skill patterns for the post to be filled.

In principle, part-time training is also possible.

Following the vocational training, the aim is to be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier if you perform well.

merit:

The training fee is based on the collective agreement for trainees in the public sector
Service (TVAöD) in the currently valid version.

According to the current status, the training fee is:

1st year of training 1,043.26 euros
2nd year of training 1,093.20 euros
3rd year of training 1,139.02 euros
4th year of training 1,202.59 euros

Application information:

Are you interested in an apprenticeship with us? Then please apply online after registering once on our application platform by April 14, 2023

For a complete application, we need the following documents to be uploaded to the candidate profile:

* an informal letter of application
* a tabular curriculum vitae
* a copy of the last school report card
* a declaration of consent from the legal guardian if you are not yet of legal agel>
                         and if available:

* Copies of internship certificates
* Copies of other certificates of employment since leaving school
* a copy of the severely disabled person's pass or the notice of equality as a severely disabled person (by post)l>

Additional information:


Bundeswehr Service Center

Ms. Heppner Tel: 035322 /52 - 2636

Mr. Baumgärtel Tel.: 035322 /52 - 2335	Electronics technician - devices and systems	None	2023-03-07 16:01:48.313000
