3551	6156	Electrical engineering engineer - project management automation	apetito - a successful family business in which values ​​such as sustainability, customer proximity and fairness are lived. We have been pursuing one goal since 1958: to cook good food for young and old. For this we need passionate employees with good taste. With us you can contribute your own personal strengths. There's no food envy here, I promise - but lots of togetherness. Job security included!

 

Become part of our team as well

Senior project manager engineering in the automation department (m/f/d)

at the Rheine site As a senior project manager, you will be responsible for managing and implementing projects for the further development and optimization of production at the Rheine site. The focus is on automating manual processes. In detail, the following tasks belong to your area of ​​responsibility:


Implementation of the project preparation from the investment application to the project team selection to scheduling
Development of specifications in cooperation with the departments
Participation in procurement talks for potential suppliers in coordination with our purchasing department and the department
Responsible for project budget and time planning
Implementation of commissioning and functional tests in-house or at suppliers (FAT/SAT) and supervision of assemblies
Acceptance of the technical investments based on the specifications and handover to production and process technology
Planning and creation of automation concepts and ongoing market observations
Implementation and further development of IT systems for process optimization and production control (e.g. MDE, SCADA systems)
Cooperation with the responsible external planners and internal interfaces (e.g. IT)
Internal contact person for electrotechnical questions in project planning
Ongoing optimization of processes, machines and systems to reduce downtimes
 You have a pioneering spirit and have a strong technical understanding thanks to a technical degree (electrical engineering, process engineering, food technology or mechatronics). You also bring:



Ideally a master's degree with a focus on automation


At least five years of professional experience as a technical project engineer in the production environment


Experience in the food industry desirable


Extensive experience in technical project management


Knowledge of modern PLC programming environments and visualization tools and basic programming knowledge (Siemens)


Knowledge of SAP, MS Office programs and CAD and linked systems


Analytical thinking


A high level of commitment, curiosity and the ability to work in a team


A responsible and goal-oriented way of working


Good English knowledge

  



Motivating working conditions and an environment in which you can feel comfortable and grow personally


Partnership and open corporate culture with short decision-making processes


A performance-based salary and a holiday allowance of €2,500


30 1 vacation days per year


Own company restaurant with additional meal allowance


Capital-forming benefits and company pension schemes


Support in reconciling family and work





Cooking is our passion! We provide schools & daycare centers, companies, clinics and senior citizens' facilities with suitable catering concepts. Our menu service brings enjoyment right to the front door. Over 4,700 employees work on our mission: apetito. Just keep getting better.	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:50.076000
