3522	6127	Electronics technician, electrical engineer - service technician	With over 80 years of experience and around 2,000 employees, we are a technology leader in weather measurement and weather information systems and a world market leader in environmental and industrial measurement technology. Our products play an important role in analyzing climate change, increasing energy efficiency and ensuring the right strategic decisions. Our intelligent weather stations and measuring devices can be found e.g. B. at many airports, ports, railway lines and highways. Customers for our flight weather systems are major international and regional airports throughout Germany.

We are now strengthening our team in technical support and are looking for you for our Hamburg location (combination with home office possible) as a customer-oriented (f/m/d)

service specialist

for maintenance, installation and technical support for flight weather systems You have technical training or a degree in electronics, mechatronics or mechanical engineering and have experience in the fields of industrial technical service, maintenance, commissioning and repair. You are now looking for a new technical service role with an international, technologically leading company.
Here's your chance! In your new job you will be involved in the installation, commissioning, maintenance and support of flight weather systems at airports and aerodromes - mainly in Germany, but occasionally also in German-speaking countries. You visit your customers on site or provide technical support by telephone, e-mail or digital means of communication such as e.g. B. Teams, Zoom, etc. You work from our office in Hamburg and, if necessary, from your home office, and you cooperate with your colleagues and our project management in everything. You bring an independent and service-oriented way of working, knowledge of English, technical interest, willingness to help and a strong drive to learn new things to cope with your tasks. You can expect an international, modern and technically influenced environment with a lot of creative freedom. We have happy employees who find their work important and meaningful, stay with us for a long time and constantly develop themselves during this time. Team spirit is very important!	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:46.505000
