6171	8776	Electronics technician for industrial engineering (m/f/d)	Can you identify with our motto "Stuttgart by profession"? Then you will find ideal development opportunities in the state capital of Stuttgart!
 The diversity of our professional fields is also reflected in our diverse staff composition. With us, all applicants (m/f/d) are equally valuable and welcome. We also welcome applications from severely disabled and equal opportunities. Part-time work is also possible in full-time positions, unless otherwise stated in the advertisement.

Electronics technician for industrial engineering (m/f/d)

We are looking for an electronics technician for operating technology for the group sewage treatment plant in Ditzingen in the sewage treatment plant and sewer operation department of the civil engineering office/in-house municipal drainage Stuttgart (SES) of the state capital Stuttgart. The position is to be filled indefinitely.
Around 16,000 employees shape public life in the state capital of Stuttgart and ensure that everything runs smoothly in the boiler. At www.stuttgart.de/karriere you will find all the important information about our wide range of career and development opportunities.


Your main tasks:
Maintenance, inspection and repair work on electrical distributors and control cabinets
Operation and control of the plant with the process control system
Troubleshooting
Installation work in waste water systems
Operation of measurement and control technology
general on-call duty

Your profile:
Completed vocational training as an electronics technician for industrial engineering, energy system electronics technician or electrician
Good knowledge of measurement, control and regulation technology
Basic knowledge of programmable logic controllers
Ability to work in a team and a high degree of responsibility
command of the German language with good verbal and written skills
in the case of foreign qualifications, submission of recognition in Germany
Class B driver's license

Look forward to:
a future-proof job
Personal and professional development through a comprehensive range of advanced training courses
Health management and sports offers
a subsidized public transport ticket
employer-funded pension

If all personal and collective bargaining requirements are met, you will be classified in pay group 7 TVöD.
Mr. Doanoulakis is at your disposal on 0711 216-33005 for more information on the job. If you have questions about the procedure under HR law, please contact Ms. Zwicknagel on 0711 216-81984.

Please send applications to our online application portal by April 1st, 2023.

If an online application is not possible, you can send us your paper application, quoting the reference number SES/0003/2023, to the Stuttgart municipal drainage company of the state capital Stuttgart, Hohe Straße 25, 70176 Stuttgart.

In the case of a paper application, please only send us copies without plastic sleeves or similar, as there will be no return. After completion of the selection process, all documents will be destroyed.


www.stuttgart.de/stellenangebote	Electrician for specified activities	None	2023-03-07 16:03:13.367000
