9425	12030	Elektronikentwickler / Hardwareentwickler (w/m/d)	Are you interested in hardware and have initial experience in electronics development or hardware development? See your future in the field of electrical engineering? Then take the decisive step in your career, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as an electronics developer / hardware developer.

Job description:
As an electronics developer, you will be responsible for the conception and development of assemblies and systems with a focus on analog circuit development with high voltages (power electronics). You will be in charge of the entire product development process. Your area of ​​responsibility includes electronics development and further development of the electronic circuits with Altium Designer as well as commissioning and testing the devices. You will also be responsible for series support. You will be responsible for organizing quality assurance measures such as normative tests and external tests.

Your profile:
Successfully completed training as a state-certified electrical engineer or a successfully completed degree in electrical engineering or a comparable qualification Experience in the development of electronic circuits Know-how in the field of EMC-compliant design and in dealing with current laboratory measurement technology is desirable Ideally knowledge of the Altium Designer Good knowledge of German and English

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your account manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - electrical engineering	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:52.090000
