7801	10406	Employee in the restaurant m/f/d	Located in the heart of Berlin, between Alexanderplatz and Potsdamer Platz, the Novotel Berlin Mitte is the ideal location in the cosmopolitan city for business travelers and city vacationers. 238 modern, light-flooded and fully air-conditioned rooms await you. Our 6 light-flooded conference rooms offer up to 280 guests on 445 m² enough space for effective and creative work. Restaurant employee (m/f/d)   Our task at the Novotel Berlin Mitte A job, a career or a vocation - whatever brings you here, we have something for you! As part of our team you can: gain experience worldwide. Discover limitless possibilities in 5000 hotels in over 100 countries. benefit from preferential prices around the world and many other advantages with your Heartist discount card. access a wide range of learning and development programs at our academy. Actively participate in initiatives to build a more inclusive and sustainable world. Type of contract: full-time Number of hours: 38h per week Salary/remuneration: according to the tariff plus remuneration above the collective agreement (13th salary, vacation pay, bonus system) Start date: by arrangement   As our restaurant employee (m/f/d), ? Provide consistent and memorable service to all our guests. Work with your team to ensure every guest leaves with a desire to come back. Are you an outgoing, cheerful personality, able to socialize quickly. A little more information: We are convinced that our employees are at the center of everything we do. That's why we offer you a comprehensive training program to support you every step of the way in your new role. We offer a place where you can "be everything you are" as part of a diverse team that offers unforgettable hospitality and strives to exceed guest expectations. Our hotel offers 238 In order to receive and look after our guests in the best possible way, you must be fluent in German and English. It's important to see things from our guests' perspective. While you're settling into your new role, we'll arrange a one-night stay so you can experience this first-hand. If you think you are the right candidate for the Restaurant Assistant (m/f/d) position, please click "apply" now! We'd love to hear from you! One more thing... When you work at the Novotel Berlin Mitte, you are part of the Accor network, the global leader in hospitality. With us you can be who you are, work with purpose, grow, learn, enjoy and discover the unlimited possibilities of Accor. Discover our talent stories at heart-of-hospitality.com or on Instagram @heart. of.hospitality Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: We are an inclusive company committed to attracting, hiring and developing diverse talent and creating an environment where everyone feels included.	Specialist - system gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:06:32.803000
