8004	10609	Employee (m/f/d) service / reception for Hotel Grunewald & Avus	As the world's largest catering trade, SSP operates sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas in Germany: Burger King, Frittenwerk, KFC, Haferkater, Starbucks, Dean&David, Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. We are the Food Travel Experts and not temporary work! We are looking for you as a service employee / receptionist (m/f/d) for the hotels at our Grunewald and Avus service areas for an unlimited period of time - full-time, part-time or as a temporary worker - career changers also welcome. More than 10 reasons to work with the SSP: Punctual payment according to the collective agreement Holiday bonus Christmas bonus Holiday bonus Reduced staff meals Up to 50% discount throughout Germany in all our other sales outlets Opportunity to participate in our employee share program 33% discount from the telephone provider Vodafone (also for existing customers) Employee offers at More than 600 well-known providers such as adidas, C&A, Thalia, Rossmann Comprehensive training and (further) development opportunities Announcement of work schedule always 1 month in advance Good transport connections Your job as a receptionist (m/f/d): You are responsible for the check- Responsible for checking in and out of our guests. You also take care of our guests. This includes, for example, cash management and invoicing as well as setting up the breakfast buffet. By keeping the work area and guest area clean and tidy, you ensure things run smoothly. At events, you also take care of setting up seminar rooms. What you bring with you: You inspire our customers with your friendly, well-groomed demeanor and enthusiasm for sales. Willingness to work shifts. Of course, we are happy to cater to your individual needs. Â  Tell us who you are and when you can start, also via WhatsApp (+49 151 21890076). We are looking forward to your application! Â	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:57.849000
