7660	10265	Employee (m/f/d) fleet management	Are you still upset or do you already have fuel in your blood? Has it always been your wish to be surrounded by a large number of vehicles, whether passenger cars or commercial vehicles? Would you like to ensure that the Smith family's favorite vehicle is no longer a dream and that it finally comes true? Then join our team as a fleet coordinator (m/f/d)! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: A fair basic salary depending on the professional level PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES + FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE TIME ACCOUNT: Holiday, night shift and Sunday work surcharges and build-up of up to 20 minus hours BAV & VWL: Support with your Retirement provision & capital-forming benefits PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours within the framework of the branch opening hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance that take your wishes and hobbies into account THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with your friends and get a job as an employee (m/f/ d) 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation ONBOARDING TO TAKE OFF: Start with a training week, continuous exchange with your own mentor, support from sales coaches, SIXT quizz app & much more DRESS TO IMPRESS:? We provide you with multiple copies of your work clothes & subsidize their cleaning costs GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing, etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: You can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative of Regine Sixt, one day a year & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of Acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and psychological hotline What you bring: You are an organizational talent - motivated and enjoy coordinating our fleet You have completed training or practical experience in fleet management, the disposition You work reliably Responsible and convincing with your eye for constantly changing framework conditions You are strong in communication and speak fluent German Working with MS Office, especially Excel is your daily bread You have a valid car driver's license What you do with us: You are for the control and Responsible for controlling the fleet planning You take care of the scheduling of vehicle exchange appointments at the customer, transfer trips and workshop trips You control and coordinate the vehicle preparation You are the first point of contact for our 25-strong driver team and are responsible for the training of new colleagues You also ensure the quality of the Safe vehicle preparation Additional information Your work area: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:15.513000
