6161	8766	Employee in purchasing (m/f/d)	We are:
  A medium-sized company and leading provider of technically sophisticated products and solutions in elastomer and sealing technology for numerous industrial sectors. Committed and technically competent, we offer our worldwide customer base an all-round service and trend-setting solutions for challenging applications.

Are you a passionate buyer? Eager to learn something new and ready to get started? Then you are exactly right with us


Employee in purchasing (m/f/d)

    Become part of the successful ULMAN team! We offer you new challenges in an agile, successful company and motivated teams who respectfully exchange ideas and support each other.


Your tasks are:

Calculate and determine optimal procurement/production quantities
EDP-supported ordering system with digital archiving
Needs-based procurement and material planning of MRP-relevant and stock items
Inventory Monitoring
Offer/price negotiations including securing deadlines, dunning and managing deliveries
audit
complaint management
Master data input and maintenance
Internal and external communication, supplier management
Cooperation with internal and external interfaces
Purchase of resources

You are a good match for us if:

You have completed commercial training, several years of professional experience or a relevant degree
You like to work in a structured, independent and responsible manner
You are an organizational talent with technical understanding (industry knowledge is an advantage)
You are not afraid to make decisions on your own responsibility
You are a real team player and keep a cool head in turbulent times
You bring a positive attitude with you
Convince you with your communication skills and negotiation skills
You have very good written and spoken German and English skills
you in dealing with Microsoft Office, ERP programs, etc. are safe

You can expect:

An extensive training
Flat hierarchies, short and fast decision-making processes for your success
Versatile, exciting and responsible tasks in a dynamic work environment
Independent work in a nice and motivated team
Specialist support and training
A modern and ergonomic workplace
A permanent employment contract
Not only an attractive salary for your commitment, but also a share in the company's success
Flexible working time models and secure holiday planning
Corporate benefits, job bike and much more m.
Team/employee events in a family atmosphere

       Your satisfaction as an employee* is our top priority. For us, people count, not gender. It is important to us that you are passionate about the job and that you fit in with us.
    This is how we grow together to grow together.

Do you feel addressed?

  Then take your career into your own hands and send your detailed application documents, stating your earliest possible availability and your salary expectations, to:
  ULMAN Sealing Technology GmbH, z. Hd. Mrs. Kristin Jakobi, Max-Planck-Str. 32, 71116 Gärtringen
  or by email: kristin.jakobi@ulman.de	buyer	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.132000
