7887	10492	Employee main cash desk/ clerk accounting (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a main checkout employee/accounting clerk (m/f/d) at the amusement park! Do you have commercial know-how and experience in cash and payment transactions? Do you have application-ready IT and Excel skills? Are you also extremely conscientious and have a very good understanding of numbers? Then become our new main cashier (m/f/d) in this responsible position with an adventurous everyday work here at BELANTIS! Of course we will teach you everything you need to know to be successful. As a main checkout employee (m/f/d), the following tasks await you: Preparation and issue of change stocks at all cash registers in our amusement park You book the cash register differences You are responsible for monitoring, handing over and taking over the money stocks to our transport companies You create and manage the daily reports Cash register manual Our benefits A special workplace in an amusement park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share , 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discount at numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits Ideally, you have completed training as a financial accountant, business economist or office clerk (m/f/d) You have experience in cash and payment transactions You have practical knowledge of common EDP and cash register software as well as Excel You work precisely and are absolutely conscientious and reliable You speak German and have an impeccable police clearance certificate Your adventure A seasonal job for the year 2023 (from mid-March to the end of October) with a good chance of repeating it in 2024 of the amusement park in shifts, also working on weekends and public holidays Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00 ? / h Working method & team Independent, in coordination with the team leader Your start From mid / end of March   Convinced? Then ideally apply with your CV, certificates and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	Assistant/Professional - Accounting	None	2023-03-07 16:06:43.448000
