6182	8787	Employees (m/f/d) in the craft education service	We are looking for a / n for the area LIVING and FUNDING at the Günzburg location on May 1st, 2023

Employees (m/f/d) in the craft education service

full-time, permanent
About Us:
       People with chronic mental illnesses who can no longer cope in their usual environment due to their increased need for help, find largely barrier-free living with us in a protective and supportive atmosphere. A large number of day-structuring and activating offers create the prerequisite for providing orientation for everyday life. Where residents are no longer able to carry out important everyday tasks themselves, we offer professional, competent support and assistance.

       Your main tasks:
You will look after the residents of our special form of integration assistance with general and practical work skills and support them in restoring social contacts.

You are primarily responsible for the work preparation of the residents in the metal and assembly workshop.

Your area of ​​activity includes contact with external companies and internal order processing for forwarding to administration.



        Your advantages:
A future-proof job with a crisis-proof employer with a wide range of design options

The benefits of being employed in the municipal civil service, such as
fair remuneration according to TVöD

Attractive additional benefits, such as an annual special payment, company employer-financed pension scheme of currently 4.8%, etc.

32 days vacation per year



Offers for a good work-life balance, e.g. support with childcare (Kids & Company)

Opportunity for internal and external training and supervision

Access to various discount campaigns of the Corporate Benefits Portal (discounts for travel, food & sports clubs)

Measures to maintain health, staff restaurant, staff parking spaces


        Your profile:
Completed training as an occupational therapist (m/f/d), work educator (m/f/d) or comparable qualification in the manual sector as well as initial experience in instructing clients in this area is desirable

Very good knowledge of spoken and written German and experienced handling of MS Office applications

Resilience, flexibility, teamwork and social skills in dealing with mentally ill people

Independent and dedicated way of working




        About us:
 We take "closer" literally! With modern specialist hospitals, rehabilitation, residential and support facilities, we are also close to you from Lindau to Donauwörth in the Bavarian Swabia area. 5,000 dedicated people have already decided to work together to ensure the professional care and support of our patients and clients.
 Would you also like to seize this opportunity? We are looking forward to meet you!


        Contact:
For questions about the area of ​​responsibility
 Gerhard Becker
 Management
 08221 96-2501

For questions about the application process
 Anja Hoerger
 Service center staff
 08221 96 - 20675
jobs@ Bezirkskliniken-schwaben.de



       Your application:
We look forward to receiving your online application by March 26th, 2023!
 Applications from severely disabled people are accepted
 with equal suitability given priority.

Apply now!	Occupational therapist/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:14.725000
