8135	10740	Employee bathing and sauna area / lifeguard (m/f/d)	What awaits you here? Best prospects for a job in the coolest corner of Travemünde. Because the resort is right at the mouth of the Baltic Sea and Trave. And the spectacular four-master "Passat" anchors right in front of our front door. Look forward to the numerous leisure and water sports opportunities and the UNESCO World Heritage city of Lübeck, which is only a stone's throw away from the Baltic Sea resort. Your Travemünde: You always loved the sea. In the past you could just sit on the beach, listen to the waves, count seagulls and look at the horizon. And now? What used to be a holiday is now part of everyday life for you. Everyday life in its most beautiful form. Because with your job in a top location right on the water, you've finally hit the bull's eye. But that's not all. The working atmosphere is as pleasant as a light Baltic Sea breeze on your skin. Back then you envied the sailors. Your sailing course starts tomorrow. You can't wait to crash through the waves and take a look at the aja resort from the water. The place that changed your life. Large ships, fine sandy beach and the Baltic Sea right outside the door. With the best holiday views and a fresh sea breeze, we welcome our guests every day to aja Travemünde in Lübeck's most beautiful daughter and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You will supervise the pool and ensure that the pools run smoothly With you at the edge of the pool, our guests are safe and can go swimming in a relaxed manner Whether small or large: all guests are looked after with equal attention You will regularly take a look at the showers and changing rooms: tidy it should be clean And don't forget the sauna: how about an infusion? What you bring with you: You are a water rat by nature and have turned your passion into a profession Lifeguard (bronze badge) Completed training as a specialist pool operator (m/f/d) or sports and fitness clerk (m/f/d) You are an advantage supports your colleagues and shows full commitment Your first aid training is not older than 15 months You are at least 18 years old Your attitude: Trust me I`m a lifeguard We offer you: A permanent employment contract: we want you to stay with us for the long term feel good Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 25? With the NAH.SH job ticket, monthly holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with ours company pension scheme We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Contact: aja Travemünde Am Leuchtenfeld 7 23570 Travemünde Ms. Simone Schramm Administration + 49 (0) 04502 8864 2556 verwaltung.travemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	Sauna master	None	2023-03-07 16:07:13.932000
