8191	10796	Employees (d/m/f) for the service	Manufactum Brot & Butter GmbH sees food in its original sense again? as a means of life. We bundle original and authentic food into a unique and high-quality range. Our range of food is supplemented by a gastronomy and a show bakery, which makes it possible to experience and understand why bread and baked goods are not just food, but food. Start: Immediately Type of employment: Full-time (40 hours/week) or part-time (by arrangement) Your area of ​​responsibility: Warm service for our guests and competent advice on the selection of food and drinks Preparation of coffee specialties and cold drinks Mise en place Observation and care of the Beverage stocks and other material stocks Ensuring and complying with hygiene regulations Your profile: Experience in service, ideally with vocational training in the catering/hotel industry Good knowledge of German Enthusiasm for our customers Noticeable passion for high-quality food What you can expect: Pleasant retail working hours (usually no Sunday and night work) Fair fixed salary and a wide range of social benefits (employee discounts, capital-forming benefits, etc.) Working in an open and collegial team culture with assumption of responsibility and the freedom to contribute your own ideas The good feeling of inspiring our guests with high-quality, fresh products and their appreciation immediately to experience The security of a successful company belonging to the Otto Group, which invests in the constant further development of Manufactum A working atmosphere characterized by tradition and modernity in the centrally located Opernturm If you love traditional, genuine food and enjoy being in direct contact with your customers Quality experiences for to offer all senses, we should get to know each other. Please send your application, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date, to: bewerbung@manufactum.de (please note the maximum file size of 7 MB). or by mail to: Manufactum GmbH Mr. Marcus Hofmann ? recruiting ? Hiberniastr. 5 D?45731 Waltrop	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:20.790000
