8434	11039	Employee (m/f/d) buffet checkout in the evening service	?With 32 canteens and cafés, we make sure that wisdom isn't the only thing to eat with a spoon. The catering facilities of the Studierendenwerk Frankfurt am Main provide around 76,000 students in the Rhine-Main area with high-quality food. With almost 300 employees and the latest system catering technology, up to 10,000 hot lunches are produced and served every day at 13 university locations in our plants in Frankfurt am Main, Offenbach, Wiesbaden, Rüsselsheim and Geisenheim. In addition, we offer a diverse range of snacks. To strengthen our catering operations in the Studierendenwerk Frankfurt am Main, we are looking for employees (m/f/d) Buffet cash desk in the evening service. You are the best fit for us: Completed vocational training or several years of professional experience in the (system) catering or hotel industry, e.g. restaurant or Hotel specialist Knowledge of the hygiene guidelines (HACCP) Enjoy working in a team and dealing with guests Commitment, commitment, resilience and flexibility Well-groomed appearance and good manners Good German language skills, both spoken and written   These tasks await you with us: Production and portioning of cold snacks and issuance of the range Stocking the counters with snacks, drinks and impulse goods in compliance with the HACCP guidelines Cashing in the goods prices at the end of the serving counter using the electronic cash register, separated by type of goods Recording of receipts, final accounting with the cashier and daily accounting related to the workplace Cleaning work as well as intermediate cleaning of the tables in the guest room and the serving counters Regular use in the evening operations of our catering units This is what we offer you: A varied and meaningful job in a dynamic working environment with the latest production and service techniques Company pension scheme Provision of work clothes Free catering Job ticket A certain amount of Flexibility in terms of time is required due to the opening times of our various evening operations from Monday to Saturday. You should be able to cover a time window from 12:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. Just as our customers learn, we also keep getting better and you learn with us? both in your work and in suitable further training measures. The position is initially limited to two years. If we work well together, however, we would like to win you over for the long term. Applications from severely disabled people will be considered in the case of equal suitability and qualifications within the framework of the legal requirements. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our Head of Human Resources, Ms. Isabell Bast, on 069/798 36017. Please send your application with the usual documents by 31.03.2023 at the latest, preferably by e-mail to bewerbung@swffm.de. Studierendenwerk Frankfurt at www.swffm.de	Specialist - system gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:07:50.546000
