6018	8623	Employee: in controlling in the environmental and sustainability con	Employee in Controlling in Environmental and Sustainability Controlling Academic Professional Employee in Controlling in Environmental and Sustainability Controlling Kleyerstrasse 21, 60326 Frankfurt (Main) Start date March 1, 2023 DB Gastronomie GmbH Finance and Controlling, Commercial Professions Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 204636 Job Ref. 178446 2 Job description We are looking for you as an employee controlling in environmental and sustainability controlling (f/m/d) for DB Gastronomie GmbH at the Frankfurt (Main) location. Your tasks You are responsible for the introduction and implementation of sustainability and environmental controlling. Here you ensure integrated sustainability and environmental controlling for society based on a holistic entrepreneurial approach such as a balanced score card. You also ensure the plausibility and economic realization of optimization projects and carry out in-depth analyzes of business development and measures as well as their commercial support in the sense of business partnering. You carry out controlling and project controlling and coordinate the sales, procurement, personnel controlling and other controlling fields in cooperation with the business partners. In addition, you contribute to measures to increase the management competence of the business partners and also carry out appropriate commercial training courses. Ensuring timely corporate planning for the company is also part of your area of ​​responsibility. Your profile You have successfully completed a (technical) university degree in economics, Business administration, with a focus on controlling or a comparable qualification You also have sound professional experience in controlling. Your TM1, SAP and MS Office, especially MS Excel expert knowledge are very good for creating analyses. You are characterized by a pronounced analytical and conceptual way of thinking , as well as your independent and responsible way of working Flexibility, teamwork, resilience and communication skills also speak for you. You also have the ability to convey complex topics in a management-friendly and convincing manner and at best an interest in environmental and sustainability topics Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Yours Application Now simply start the application process online.	Leiter/in - Controlling	None	2023-03-07 16:02:54.514000
