7910	10515	Employee ride systems / guest attendant at the carousel (m/f/x)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Join the BELANTIS team as a ride-hailer / guest attendant at the carousel (m/f/d)! Carousel brakeman is not an apprenticeship. That's why we are looking for you as a guest manager with a heart for amusement parks and will show you how you can make our guests smile as a consultant, operator and host on our carousels and roller coasters. Become our new guest attendant rides (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in everyday work You operate the various rides, e.g. carousels or small roller coasters You are responsible for the smooth running of the rides and compliance with the safety standards on the rides You take care of yourself the preparation and follow-up of the trips, e.g. cleaning, disinfection, filling out checklists, logging Our benefits A special job in a leisure park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for Friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? for the main meal), discounts from numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers, etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits You are absolutely reliable, can follow rules and have technical understanding You can keep a cool head when things get tough You are physically resilient and can stand and walk during the shift without any problems You understand and speak German You have a positive and open-minded demeanor Your adventure A seasonal job from mid-March to at least October 31, 2023 with great certainty that you will be there again in the 2024 season Your working hours day shift; during the park opening times also on weekends, during the holidays or on public holidays Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h Working method & team You work in different teams on different rides Your start From mid / end of March Convinced? Then apply with your CV and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	showman	None	2023-03-07 16:06:46.281000
