7466	10071	Employee (m|f|d) gastronomy	Europa-Park In the heart of Europe, between the Black Forest and the Vosges, lies one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world. Over 5 million visitors from all nations come every season to be inspired by over one hundred attractions and shows. The innovative European theme concept, the largest connected hotel resort in Germany, decorations adapted to the seasons and a large number of varied and colorful events make Europa-Park an unmistakable and unique short holiday destination all year round. We invite you to take a look behind the scenes of our company on this company page. Discover the numerous facets that make this unique product what it is: one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world! Do you want to work where others vacation? Do you want to offer your guests an unforgettable experience in a world full of joie de vivre? Then you've come to the right place with us at Europa-Park and the Rulantica water world! We are looking for you as a salesman, dish washer, service worker or cashier for the 2023 season. We offer you great opportunities in our numerous catering establishments as a full-time and part-time catering worker   Your area of ​​responsibility is a passion for fulfilling dreams: you serve and advises our guests at the counters in our self-service restaurants. You take care of setting and clearing the tables while the catering business is running. You don't miss anything? You keep the guest area clean and tidy Thanks to you, our guests are happy about a smooth service process. Your profile Due to your open personality, teamwork and a cordial interaction with our international guests are a matter of course for you. You are told good manners and a safe, well-groomed appearance reliable, motivated and responsible We offer you a future-proof, seasonal job in Germany's largest leisure and adventure park A high-quality, functional working environment in which you lack nothing Well-trained managers who support and encourage you A performance-based payment; You can also rely on being paid for overtime including Sunday and public holiday bonuses. A large number of benefits and additional offers at Europa-Park and at our cooperation partners. An in-house academy that offers you a wide range of further training options	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:05:51.659000
