7594	10199	Employees (*) Logistics	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. For our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine at our new customer in Mainz, we are looking for flexible and committed support from March. Therefore we are looking for you as a... Employee (*) Logistics office: Mainz full-time (Monday - Friday: between 6:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m., occasionally on weekends) Job number: 6800-23-5651 Starter . .. and what you bring with you Independent working methods Class B driving license mandatory Good knowledge of German Main course ... and what to expect Clearing goods Driving activities between the two locations Compliance with occupational safety and hygiene regulations Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through an open-ended employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A hundred percent family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide , around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Manager, Lisa M. Lindner, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-688 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	logistician	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.414000
