8123	10728	Employee (m/f/d) food portioning	Employee (m/f/d) food portioning WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as an employee (m/f/d) food portioning Frankfurt am Main | Part Time/Full Time Working Hours: 5 days/week Job ID: 2268-173/2023 Apply Now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive tariff remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Good connection to public transport. Local transport and parking Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities Tasks: Working in our F³ distribution center Putting together ready-made meals on trays Portioning meals on the conveyor belt Taking on cleaning work Compliance with safety and hygiene regulations Your profile: Open and friendly charisma Reliability and team spirit First experience in gastronomy desirable Interest in long-term employment Contact You have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks Working in our F³ distribution center Putting together ready-made meals on trays Portioning meals on the conveyor belt Taking over cleaning work Compliance with safety and hygiene regulations Open and friendly charisma Reliability and team spirit First experience in gastronomy Desirable Interest in long-term employment Attractive collective remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension scheme through our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Good connection to public transport. Local transport and parking Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry analysis Kununu.com 2022	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.467000
