7591	10196	Employee ticket sales in the amusement park (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a ticket sales employee (m/f/d) at the amusement park! Do you love dealing with people, do you like to have experience in sales and are you a host at the same time? We offer you an adventurous day-to-day work as a ticket seller and the first welcoming committee for our visitors to BELANTIS. Our "Buddel" is also happy to give career changers the opportunity to get involved with us. Become our new ticket sales employee (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in everyday work You work in ticket sales at the entrance to our amusement park with the help of an electronic cash register system and greet our guests As a host, you help, advise and serve our visitors You sell with good arguments Additional products or tickets for repeated visits Our benefits A special job in an amusement park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized job ticket ( 25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discount at numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits You are interested in working in sales and dealing with people in an amusement park You are absolutely reliable, conscientious and have an affinity for numbers You always have a smile on your face You speak fluent German Your adventure one Seasonal employment from mid-March until at least October 31, 2023 with a high degree of certainty that you will be back in the 2024 season Your working hours Willingness to work during the week as well as on weekends and public holidays (in day shifts around the park opening hours) Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12, 50 ? - 16.00? / h Working method & team After the induction you are responsible in our ticket shop, you always have contact persons at your side (shift manager) Your start From mid / end of March Convinced? Then apply with your CV and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	ticket seller	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.050000
