7745	10350	Employee (m/f/d) company restaurant	Employee (m/f/d) company restaurant WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as an employee (m/f/d) in the company restaurant Bremen | Full time Hours: Monday - Friday Job ID: 2392-336/2023 Apply Now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive, collectively agreed remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonuses Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment with a permanent contract Regulated working hours and free weekends Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse further training and career opportunities The tasks: Working in the catering facilities run by Aramark Supporting the service team in day-to-day business Advising our guests on the snack point offer Operating the cash register system Preparing and preparing baked goods/snacks Preparing coffee specialties Control inventory and carrying out orders Regular replenishment of the sales areas with the range of articles General cleaning work Your profile: Open and friendly charisma Reliability, passion and team spirit High level of service orientation Experience in sales or service desirable Contact You have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents ? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks Working in the catering facilities run by Aramark Supporting the service team in day-to-day business Advising our guests on the snack point offer Operating the checkout system Preparing and preparing baked goods/snacks Preparing coffee specialties Checking the inventory and carrying out orders Regular replenishment of the sales areas with the range of articles General cleaning work Open and friendly charisma Reliability, passion and team spirit High level of service orientation Experience in sales or service desirable Attractive tariff remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonuses Real team spirit and great passion for what what we do Secure employment in a permanent employment relationship Regulated working hours and free weekends Company pension scheme through our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse further training and career opportunities Contact You have questions about this job offer or do you need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, enrich our	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:06:25.941000
