935	3539	Employees in housekeeping/room cleaning (m/f/d) only early shift	Employees in housekeeping/room cleaning (m/f/d) only early shift

About Us
SPS Seifert Personal Service GmbH is a dynamic company and has quickly developed into a top address for personnel management, especially in the areas of temporary employment and personnel placement. Steady growth is a clear indicator of the company's excellent service. More and more employees and customers trust in the technical competence of SPS. At four locations, we hire out and place employees nationwide for our well-known customers. Further information is available at www.sps.jobs.

Our customer is an owner-managed international company, you have the opportunity to get involved and achieve optimal results together. Our customer attaches great importance to open communication and human interaction. The international spectrum of guests enriches our experiences with other cultures and manners every day.

Your tasks

 Cleaning of the suites
 Cleaning of common areas
 Proper processing of guest laundry and lost property
 Reporting defects in the rooms and / or in the common areas

your profile

 Industry knowledge is an advantage but not mandatory
 Well-groomed appearance and excellent manners
 Ability to work in a team, flexibility, initiative and hospitality

We offer

  - A long-term commitment with high chances of being taken on - with good performance
  - You earn more than the collective bargaining agreement and your earnings increase with your performance
  - Temporary contract? We don't want that either, with us you get a permanent employment contract
  - Fun at work - exciting and varied activities


Have we sparked your interest?
Then apply today!
 
Please send us your application documents digitally or directly via our homepage www.sps.jobs or by e-mail to bewerbung-rastatt@sps.jobs.
 
You would like to find out more right away - call us on 07222 / 5007-210
WE LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING YOU!	Helper - cleaning	None	2023-03-07 15:52:27.629000
