7744	10349	Employee breakfast service m/f/d	Surrounded by the Allgäu Alps, our Alpenhotel Oberstdorf is idyllically embedded in a side valley, in the immediate vicinity of Oberstdorf. Here you can enjoy your vacation in peace. The location in the middle of the countryside is very popular with hikers, because the network of hiking trails starts right in front of the hotel. Our Alpenhotel Oberstdorf is divided into 3 individual buildings - Haus Hubertus, Haus Alpensonne and Haus Alpenblick, which are all connected to one another - so you can get to all areas of the hotel dry-shod even in winter. In total, we have been able to offer you 87 rooms since the end of 2015 available with 19 single rooms, 15 standard double rooms, 39 comfort double rooms, 10 junior suites and 4 suites. In order to achieve our further goals, we need committed, hard-working and competent colleagues who want to inspire our discerning guests in the future and support us in this great task. Therefore we are looking for YOU as an employee in the breakfast service (f/m/d). Become part of our Rovell Hotel family! Become a RovellStar! You can expect a highly motivated, dynamic team and a varied and interesting range of tasks. Your tasks: Setting up and dismantling the breakfast buffet Breakfast service for all our guests Lunch service menu/buffet for conference events Afternoon service coffee/cake/snacks Catering for the conference area You bring with you: Passion as a host A warm and positive demeanor You are already the sunshine in the morning hours in the restaurant and guarantee the friendliest guest service Preferably completed vocational training in the hotel industry or experience in a service profession with friendly customer contact Purposeful, hospitable way of working Flexibility and resilience Service attitude and quality awareness Teamwork and enjoyment of working with the guest Pleasant and friendly appearance Good knowledge of German We offer: You can expect A dynamic and professional work environment, intensive training and the opportunity to contribute yourself. This is what our employees can expect: Communicative staff house with common room and communal kitchen Support in finding accommodation Employee parking spaces Employee catering 100% work-life balance, among other things through: Working in one of the most popular German holiday regions Free employee mountain railway tickets for the hiking area Oberstdorf-Kleinwalsertal Employee bike rental (MTBs, E- bikes, trekking bikes) Use of our fitness area, volleyball field and table tennis table Regular team events such as barbecue evenings, curling, team hiking days Great discounts when staying in our Rovell partner hotels on the island of Usedom Discounts at local partner companies in the catering trade, leisure events or clothing Further advantages: Sunday, Holiday and night surcharges Company-subsidised company pension scheme 100% overtime recording through an individual timekeeping system and short-term time off or payment Professional development also in our partner hotels on Usedom Individual support and regular feedback discussions Rovell ideas exchange: ?You can change things? Are you looking for a new challenge and do you feel addressed? Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application documents, including a CV in tabular form with a photograph, as well as references from your previous employer and the earliest possible starting date, by email or by post to us. Not yet a perfect host? It doesn't matter, neither do we. But we want to become one with you.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:25.818000
