7889	10494	Employee - Service - Counter - Bar - Hamburg & Surroundings	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Service fee - bar hero - counter gold - host! Support the teams of our well-known customers from the catering, hotel and event industries as a service and counter worker as well as at the bar. Your task: Look forward to an exciting, varied job with our customers. You attentively take care of the physical well-being of the guests and always put a smile on their faces. You conscientiously prepare the service before and after and support in all service matters. Make the bar or the counter your stage: Here, too, you support our customers' teams and prepare simple drinks, tap cool beers and serve them. You apply the HACCP concept consistently, and you always follow the currently valid additional hygiene guidelines. Requirement profile:   Ideally experience in service, at the bar or counter, we are also happy to give career changers a chance Enjoy the role as host Well-groomed appearance & good manners Dedication, motivation & ability to work in a team Class B driving license & own vehicle is an advantage We offer you:   An interesting, varied & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for the requirements of the customers Compatibility of family & work assignments according to your Skills Various employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or HVV-Profi-Card, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your Future starts today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:06:43.691000
