6133	8738	Employee in housekeeping / cleaning (m/f/d)	The Caritas Association for the City of Bonn e.V. is the local welfare association of the Catholic Church. With more than 1,100 employees, we offer support for people in the areas of children, youth and family, integration and rehabilitation as well as life and housing in old age and illness according to our motto "See need and act". In our more than 60 different facilities and services, we support people depending on their personal life situation. As a partner of the city society, we actively promote social interaction and social participation for everyone in the federal city of Bonn.

In our old people's and nursing home Marienhaus in the heart of Bonn, we offer 84 housing options in three living areas for senior citizens in need of help and care. Our goal is to look after and care for the residents individually and professionally. We offer our residents a wide range of care options, with the focus on participation and the opportunity to lead a self-determined life.

We are looking from now on

Employee in housekeeping / cleaning (m/f/d)

        with a scope of employment of 19.5 hours/week limited to 1 year.
Your tasks:

They play a key role in ensuring that our residents feel comfortable with us.
They ensure cleanliness and cleanliness: in our residents' rooms, lounges, sanitary facilities and eat-in kitchen.
They help with the laundry.
You can keep an eye on our quality standards and hygiene regulations at all times.


Your profile:

You have initial experience in the field of cleaning.
You are responsible, flexible and enjoy working in a team.
You bring a high degree of reliability and a conscientious and precise way of working.
You are interested in and enjoy working with the elderly and people in need of care.
The economical and proper handling of work materials during storage and use is a matter of course for you.
You have a positive attitude towards the Christian principles of our association.


Our range:

You can expect a responsible, varied job in an appreciative working environment. We also offer you:
Varied and interesting tasks and responsibilities
Accompaniment and support during training
Committed teams of full-time employees and volunteers who are open to innovation
Extensive offers and opportunities for further education and training
Remuneration according to the employment contract guidelines of the German Caritas Association (AVR) including company pension scheme (KZVK)
Opportunity to purchase a job ticket at a discount
A certified family-friendly company (audit berufundfamilie)
Company health management with a subsidy for a gym or sports club

We look forward to receiving your applications, regardless of cultural and social background. We look forward to your questions and await your application!
Mr. Sobothe will be happy to provide you with further information on Tel. 0228/ 7257-0.
Marienhaus nursing home
Sandor Sobothe
facility management
Noeggerathstr. 4-8
53111 Bonn


for online application	building cleaner	None	2023-03-07 16:03:08.684000
