5973	8578	Employee technical service (m/f/d)	Are you looking for a new professional challenge and would you like to work internationally? You are an innovative personality who can convince with a high degree of communication skills, resilience and flexibility. Then support our company as a
Employee technical service (m/f/d)
Start your new professional career with us!
From the manual workstation to the fully automatic assembly line, ATN Hölzel GmbH develops and produces state-of-the-art automation and application systems for the manufacturing industry. In the field of application technology, we are one of the world's leading companies and one of the "technological pioneers". Numerous new developments, which today are part of the technical standard in many areas, come from the house of ATN Hölzel GmbH. The automotive industry is one of our largest customers. More than 100 million vehicles built with ATN automation and application systems are on the road worldwide today. We are represented internationally with branches in the USA, China, Spain and Brazil. We offer you the opportunity to face new professional challenges in a very varied and interesting working environment.
We suit you if you:

Enjoy processing service, warranty and maintenance processes, including the follow-up of logs, approvals, surveys, feedback to service management, 8D reports and other necessary documents
would like to take over the planning and implementation of customer training and internal training, including the creation of training material
want to support our customers with problems that occur after the final acceptance by phone, via remote maintenance, as well as on site at the customer
would like to implement the review of the maintenance plans as well as the technical examination of the instructions for the components of the application technology
passing on the information obtained to the relevant departments in the company, e.g. B. application technology and head of service management as important communication
take for granted active cooperation with other specialist departments, e.g. in the technical review of revision instructions, operating and assembly instructions as well as maintenance plans


You are a good match for us if you:

have a degree as a state-certified technician, bachelor's, master's or graduate engineer or comparable professional experience in the technical field
ideally have professional experience in the service sector, ideally in an international company
have very good MS Office skills
have very good knowledge of spoken and written English
a structured, independent and systematic way of working is one of your strengths
show a high degree of initiative and communication skills
Flexible willingness to travel, also at short notice and internationally and would like to work in a team


We offer you:

a challenging and interesting job
a motivated, dynamic team and a modern workplace
active participation by contributing your own ideas
interesting, varied and responsible tasks
good development opportunities and realization
flexible working hours within the framework of operational conditions
Health promotion measures and regular employee events

You are interested and would like to become part of ATN Hölzel GmbH. Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents, including your salary expectations, preferably by e-mail.
Apply now!
personal@atngmbh.de	mechatronics technician	None	2023-03-07 16:02:48.891000
