7715	10320	Employee Magazine (m/f/d)	In accordance with our philosophy A WORLD OF ITSSELF, the Hotel Bayerischer Hof has embodied luxury, quality and first-class service since 1841. Our people are the solid foundation on which our quality rests and are the reason why we are able to offer our guests an unforgettable stay. We are always actively looking for committed employees who want to be part of our history and want to accompany the Hotel Bayerischer Hof into a successful future. We offer you: Performance-related remuneration Discounted MVG job ticket Staff restaurant combined with an employer’s meal allowance Inexpensive staff accommodation in the heart of Munich Flexible working hours and all the other advantages of an owner-managed luxury hotel As part of your work, you will carry out the following tasks, among others: Storage and maintenance, implementation of inventories in the in-house warehouses, the warehouse and the external warehouses Provision and distribution of goods and goods for the in-house warehouse, warehouse and the external warehouses (food, printed matter, crockery, glasses, equipment, etc.) Inventory monitoring and daily post-purchase reports to the purchasing department when a reorder point of stock items is reached Management of the internal stock documentation by food and non-food storage requirements as well as account assignment of the delivery notes and invoices   You will fit in with us if you have the following qualifications: Successfully completed vocational training in the hotel industry, as a specialist for warehouse logistics or you have a comparable qualification Experience in warehouse management and goods receipt of groceries. Knowledge of the food laws and regulations (LMHV, HACCP) would be desirable Personally, you convince through assertiveness and teamwork Good knowledge of German, both spoken and written, is not a problem for you In dealing with Microsoft Office applications and merchandise management programs, you are secure     Absolute service orientation, high reliability and resilience and a careful way of working are among your personal strengths? Then we should definitely get to know each other! Our dynamic and friendly team will actively train you and give you a warm welcome from the start. We offer you: Performance-related remuneration Reduced MVG job ticket Employee casino combined with an employer meal allowance Inexpensive employee accommodation in the heart of Munich Flexible working hours and all the other advantages of an owner-managed luxury hotel   Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application including your CV, certificates and salary expectations with reference number. We ask for your understanding that only complete applications stating desired salary and reference number can be considered in our selection process.	logistician	None	2023-03-07 16:06:22.283000
