7816	10421	Employee vehicle purchasing (m/f/d) - SP or FR	At SIXT we shape the mobility of tomorrow. We buy several 100,000 vehicles a year for our mobility products car rental, subscription and car sharing. We are looking for Vehicle Purchasing Employees at our Berlin location - Spanish or French (m/f/d) for our vehicle purchasing. You are the organizational backbone of the purchasing team and ensure that all administrative tasks related to vehicle procurement run smoothly and quickly. You work directly for a team of talented buyers who can fully rely on you. Do you speak fluent German, English and Spanish? No matter where you come from, if you have the courage to try new things and see challenges as opportunities, then we would like to get to know you. What you do with us: You are responsible for checking and maintaining the purchasing conditions in our systems. You are the first internal contact for all data relating to our vehicles. You coordinate the delivery schedules and vehicle equipment with our suppliers and work closely with the buyers and the Yield, Fleet Management and Marketing departments at SIXT You are responsible for creating contract comparisons and preparing contract documents for signing You take care of the preparation and provision of information for various departments, especially the creation of condition overviews and summaries of the various contracts You take care of yourself You will take care of various operational topics from day-to-day business What you bring with you: You have completed professional training in the commercial or automotive sector and relevant professional experience You speak fluent German and English as well as Spanish and/or French You like working in a fast-paced environment and show a good attitude in everyday work Hands-on mentality without losing sight of the details You are IT-savvy and skilled in MS Office applications, especially Excel and Word You have a strong analytical mind, a quick grasp and a very structured way of working You flourish, if you can take care of all the details about our vehicles with great accuracy and make all the data consistent You are characterized by high reliability, the whole purchasing team is counting on you Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers also personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various leisure activities such as the gaming area, the SIXT football team or the SIXT choir are available to you - just to mention here to name few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. About the department: The shopping area buys everything! With a lot of creativity and expertise, we manage the balancing act between the specifications of the internal quality standards and the premium focus of SIXT every day. This includes the Fleet Purchase (both national and international), Strategic Procurement and Operational Procurement teams. In doing so, we not only keep an eye on the strategic direction of the company, but also on complex quality requirements and a competitive cost structure. Our team is looking for support	buyer	None	2023-03-07 16:06:34.753000
