8221	10826	Employee ticket sales (f/m/d)	In the stylish ambience of our house on Maximilianstraße, our guests are delighted by outstanding artists and cared for by warm-hearted hosts. World-class artists and entertainers touch the heart and seduce the senses. The show program changes every second month and with it the international ensemble. With a lot of imagination, attention to detail and a large portion of passion, the exceptional artists show all facets of contemporary variety art - humorous, artful, artistic and spectacular. There is also the option of enjoying the cleverly coordinated culinary highlights of our chefs, because GOP means entertainment for all the senses! Your future workplace will be in the middle of our representative foyer and will be the first point of contact for our visitors. As part of our advance ticket sales team, you will be one of the employees who inform and advise our guests and customers by telephone and in person about our range of offers - in order to ultimately sell the tickets, packages and vouchers. You can look forward to a communicative area of ​​responsibility with a lot of human contact! Your tasks: Sale of admission tickets and vouchers Customer contact by telephone and e-mail as well as on site at the ticket counter Advice on the program, menu offers and promotions Payment processing, support of the day and evening box office Reservation and issue of admission tickets in our in-house ticket program Table reservations in the GOP restaurant " Leander" Implementation of cancellations and control of bookings already made Redemption of third-party vouchers Creation of invoices and letters Sale of the GOP advantage card and support for regular customers Creation and control of daily accounts Your profile: Excellent communication skills Service and sales-oriented thinking Excellent teamwork, service readiness, conscientiousness and reliability Quick comprehension and independent working method Confident in spelling and grammar Advanced knowledge of English Skilled use of PC and common MS Office applications Well-groomed and personable appearance with good manners Flexible in terms of time, i.e. willingness to work on Sundays and public holidays as well as alternating between day and evening shifts According to the duty roster organizational skills and perseverance? Even in times of high workload Responsible action Completed training in the event industry, hotel industry or tourism is an advantage What awaits you: An owner-managed, medium-sized company with flat hierarchies An employee-friendly environment The opportunity to help shape Exciting and always new challenges A fascinating and highly emotional product Each Lots of fun in a small and motivated team, free entry to all seven GOP Varieté theaters in Germany with one companion, as well as a 50% discount on food & beverages during the visit   We look forward to seeing you, because YOU are the show too! Applications are welcome to Ms. Cosima Rascher: c.rascher@variete.de	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:24.448000
