7998	10603	Employee (m/f/d) for the bar	Employee (m/f/d) for the bar WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as an employee (m/f/d) for the Bar Karlsruhe | Part-time Working hours: Mon - Fri (32 hrs/week, 7pm - midnight) Job ID: 2453-064/2023 Apply now Click on this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive, collectively agreed remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonuses Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment with a permanent contract Regulated working hours in the evenings and free weekends Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Occupational health management On-site parking Attractive employee discounts with a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities The tasks: Friendly service for the guests at the hotel bar in the GenoHotel Karlsruhe run by Aramark Taking over the evening shift with preparation of the bar and inventory of the drinks stock Serving drinks to our guests as well as implementation of the beverage service Operation of the POS system Your profile: Professional and service experience? Ideally in the bar area Expertise with alcoholic beverages and in mixology Quality awareness, organizational talent and high customer orientation Willingness to work permanently in the evening hours Gastronomic training or further education is an advantage Car or alternative means of transport necessary due to the limited public transport Contact You have questions about this job offer or need help when uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks Friendly service for the guests at the hotel bar in the GenoHotel Karlsruhe run by Aramark Taking over the evening shift with preparing the bar and taking inventory of the drinks stock Serving drinks to our guests and carrying out the drinks service Operation of the POS system Professional and service experience ? Ideally in the bar business Expertise with alcoholic beverages and in mixology Quality awareness, organizational talent and high customer orientation Willingness to work permanently in the evening hours Gastronomic training or further education is an advantage Car or alternative means of transport necessary due to the limited public transport Attractive tariff remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment in an open-ended contract Regulated working hours in the evening and free weekends Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management On-site parking facilities Attractive employee discounts with a large number of partners Diverse Further training and career opportunities Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or do you need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in	Barmixer/in, Barkeeper/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:57.103000
