6177	8782	Employee at the housing benefit authority in the Untertürkheim district office (m/f/d)	Can you identify with our motto "Stuttgart by profession"? Then you will find ideal development opportunities in the state capital of Stuttgart!
  The diversity of our professional fields is also reflected in our diverse staff composition. With us, all applicants (m/f/d) are equally valuable and welcome. We also welcome applications from severely disabled and equal opportunities. Part-time work is also possible in full-time positions, unless otherwise stated in the advertisement.

Employee at the housing benefit authority in the Untertürkheim district office (m/f/d)

We are looking for an employee for the housing benefit office of the Stuttgart-Untertürkheim district office as soon as possible. The position is to be filled indefinitely.
Around 16,000 employees shape public life in the state capital of Stuttgart and ensure that everything runs smoothly in the boiler. At www.stuttgart.de/karriere you will find all the important information about our wide range of career and development opportunities.

The housing benefit according to the Housing Benefits Act is a subsidy towards the costs of self-used living space for households that cannot bear these costs themselves. It serves to economically secure appropriate and family-friendly housing. The energy crisis has made housing benefit even more important. From 2023, the Housing Benefit Plus Act will help many more households than before. Support our team in the current and future challenges!

Your main tasks:
Creation of paper files, files and processes in the specialist procedure as well as digitization of incoming mail that arrives in paper form
Giving status information and general non-case-related information on the subject of housing benefit to Stuttgart citizens by telephone or e-mail, making appointments
Processing of initial and further service applications for the rent subsidy for households that only have pension income, ready for signature
Maintenance of digital e-files and files in paper form by assigning incoming mail and notices
Digitization of inventory files

A change or addition to the area of ​​responsibility remains reserved.

Your profile:
Administrative clerk, first examination according to the pay scale, social security clerk, judicial clerk, clerk for office management or a comparable three-year apprenticeship, in each case also if the final examination will take place soon
safe dealings with citizens
good knowledge of spoken and written German
Willingness and ability to cooperate, ability to work in a team
Professional experience in public service is an advantage

Look forward to:
a future-proof job
Work-life balance through flexible working time models
Personal and professional development through a comprehensive range of advanced training courses
Health management and sports offers
a subsidized public transport ticket
employer-funded pension
Independent work in a committed and open-minded team
Opportunities for personal development in the area of ​​housing benefit

If all personal and collective bargaining requirements are met, you will be classified in pay group 8 TVöD. A financial allowance is also granted to employees covered by collective bargaining agreements.
For more information about the job, please contact Ms. District Manager Wenzel on 0711 216-57299 or Ms. Hummel on 0711 216-57301 from the district office. If you have any technical questions, please contact Mr. Siebel from the social welfare office on 0711 216-59090.

Please send applications to our online application portal by March 23, 2023.

If an online application is not possible, you can send us your paper application, stating the
Send reference number 15UN/0002/2023 to the main and personnel office of the state capital Stuttgart, Katharinenstraße 20, 70182 Stuttgart.

In the case of a paper application, please only send us copies without plastic sleeves or similar, as there will be no return. After completion of the selection process, all documents will be destroyed.


www.stuttgart.de/stellenangebote	Administrative Clerk - Local Government	None	2023-03-07 16:03:14.110000
