8373	10978	Employee admission full-time, part-time or as a temporary assistant (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Join us as a full-time or part-time employee or as a temporary assistant (m/f/d) through an adventurous season! Do you love dealing with people, do you like to bring experience in the field of security and are you a host at the same time? We offer you employment as an inspector, helper and first welcome committee for our visitors. Lateral entrants also have the opportunity to advance through this entry-level position in ticket sales. Become our new admissions employee (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in everyday work You work at the entrance to our amusement park, greet and say goodbye to our guests As a host, you help, advise and serve our visitors You work in a team and you can rely on your colleagues leave Our Benefits A special job in an amusement park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share , 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discount at numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers, etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits You are interested in working with people in an amusement park You are absolutely reliable, safety-conscious and helpful You are ready in To work shifts and especially on weekends You speak fluent German Your adventure A seasonal job from mid-March to at least October 31, 2023 with great certainty that you will be there again in the 2024 season Your working hours Willingness to work during the week as well as on weekends and public holidays (in day shift around park opening hours) Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h Working method & team After the training you are responsible at our entrance, you always have contact persons at your side (shift manager) Your start From mid / end of March     Convinced? Then apply with your CV and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	guest attendant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:43.059000
