7714	10319	Employee Guest Relations m/f/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Look after and advise our national and international guests and be part of our front office team in our unique holiday world. You are the focal point for information of all kinds, lost property inquiries and any guest reports from our visitors. We are also happy to offer career changers the chance to become part of our team. What we expect from you Qualification: Successfully completed vocational training with a focus on customer/guest care or initial professional experience in a corresponding position is an advantage Knowledge: Knowledge of well-known MS Office applications, experience in using the MyVisitor and Micros Fidelio systems desirable Language skills: good Knowledge of German and English Characteristics: Mature guest and service orientation combined with a customer-oriented way of working       Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling:   A unique place of work.	guest attendant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:22.162000
