7960	10565	Employee (*) scullery part-time (35h)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and dedicated support for our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine and around 140 table guests daily in Künzelsau. Therefore we are looking for you as a... Employee (*) Scullery part-time (35h) Office: Künzelsau part-time (35h) (Monday - Friday: between 7:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m.) Job number: 7410-23 -5690 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Experience in the scullery and in dealing with dishwashers/lines is desirable Good knowledge of German Ability to work independently and reliability Main course ... and what you can expect A friendly team consisting of approx. 9 colleagues Cleaning of Crockery, cutlery, trays, cookware and large containers Tidying up and cleaning scullery, kitchen and service area We are a team ? We support each other in serving food, in service and in the scullery Compliance with internal hygiene standards Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, allowance for company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Partner, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:06:52.433000
