7655	10260	Employee online marketing & brand musketeer m/f/d	We are a young hotel business with a modern service concept supported by passionate employees. We are part of the Lindner entrepreneurial family from Arnstorf. We owe the idea for the mk | to the building activity of the group hotels: we wanted to provide our employees with high-quality rooms in a central location for their business trips. We are very pleased that this has resulted in an attractive offer for guests from all over the world. Incidentally, the name mk stands for Mariakirchen. Our Lower Bavarian parent company, the Schlossparkhotel, and the Schlossbräu, our first in-house brewery, are located here on the grounds of Mariakirchen Castle. Your tasks in our team: Implementation of the corporate design Coordination, planning and implementation of online marketing campaigns Text and content author for various media activities Development of a target group-oriented content strategy for our communication channels (Facebook, Instagram, website, LinkedIn, newsletter, etc .) Carrying out regular success analyzes of the marketing measures Supervision of the various company websites (ediorx & Typo3) Supervision of our google and meta campaigns Design of print products Ideally you bring the following with you: Independent and structured way of working, paired with a high level of commitment, creativity and a hands-on mentality Pronounced interest in digital topics and social media Pragmatic and goal-oriented thinking and approach Text and stylistic confidence in German Communicative and integrative character Existing affinity for the hotel and catering industry Understanding of photography and visual language Experience in dealing with image and video editing tools Your new job offers you : A motivated team A varied and responsible working environment A modern home office workplace (20%) An interesting remuneration package with extensive social benefits, such as company-owned holiday homes for free use at Christmas and New Year's Eve with the family ? because our hotel is closed then. A secure job with punctual salary payments is a matter of course for us. With over 7,000 employees, fair play is always the most modern equipment for everyone in the team - we are driving digitization in the industry and you can become a part of it.	Marketing specialist/assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:14.903000
