7831	10436	Employee: in reception/reception (m/f/d)	Employee: in reception/reception (m/f/d) Employee: in reception/reception (m/f/d) Full or part-time Without professional experience Sankt Augustin Health & Fitness immediately MORE THAN JUST FITNESS Visiolife is "More than just Fitness " - and if you also want more for yourself, then Visiolife is the right place for you. We rethink fitness and health. We are looking for employees who want to work close to the customer and in a pleasant environment. Whether as a physiotherapist, as a receptionist, as a trainer, or within our administration: You are welcome with us if you want to work with people and have the right skills? together we will take the next step in your career. We value good communication, a high service mentality and the ability to work in a team. This is how we ensure that our employees can feel comfortable with us ? because this is the only way to ensure optimal care for our members, patients and guests. To strengthen our team at Visiolife in St. Augustin, we are now looking for full-time and part-time receptionists (m/f/d). Our offer: Varied and responsible work in a cooperative and friendly team Transparent communication structure Modern management culture Market-based payment Permanent employment contract possible Employee discounts, also within the INVITE family Attractive development opportunities Induction program Company health management These are your tasks: You are the host and represent our product You support the high quality of the product through your actions customer greeting and central contact person for all customer concerns implementation of correct service in compliance with our standards familiarity with Visiolife products collaboration in the preparation and implementation of events scheduling of sports offers compliance with and control of our standards (also through tours and checklists ) Further development of our product and our standards Complaint management What you should bring with you: Distinct service and service mentality Distinct communication skills Quick comprehension Independent and reliable work Resilience and flexibility Open-minded and open personality Would you like to learn more about us? Follow us on facebook & Instagram or visit our website. Your contact: If you have any questions, Jacques will be happy to answer them by email ( hr@visio-life.de ) or by phone ( 0228 4334-2121 ). Are you or do you know the decisive personality that we are still missing? Then we look forward to receiving your cover letter with salary expectations, CV in tabular form and, if applicable, copies of certificates. Targeted team Professional onboarding Career development Apply now! We look forward to receiving your application with a CV and relevant copies of certificates. A cover letter is not prohibited, but not mandatory. Not the right position advertised? We still want to get to know you? simply apply proactively! Because we are always looking for committed people for our teams and look forward to finding the right job for you with us. There are many entry opportunities! If you have any questions before or about your application, please feel free to contact us by phone. Jacques Vonester Human Resources Manager Follow us on Any questions? Just call: + 49 228 4334 2121	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:36.593000
