1482	4087	Engineer (m/f/d) in supply and building technology	We are now looking for direct placement in permanent employment:

Engineer (m/f/d) in supply and building technology in 86199 Augsburg!

Energy and sustainability advice, fire protection advice and supply technology - these are the areas of responsibility that our customer successfully handles from Augsburg. Services at the highest level, from project development to handover and subsequent use of a construction project

This is what you are offered:

Team spirit is very important to our customers, because only together can you achieve your goals. Regular team events and internal seminars are therefore very important to our customers. Thanks to flat hierarchies and targeted further training opportunities, you can constantly develop yourself with our customer.

In addition, you can expect a permanent employment relationship with us with an attractive remuneration model and a job in the center of the liveable city of Augsburg with very good connections to the surrounding area thanks to the proximity to the B 17 and the A 8 and with acceptable apartment and house prices.

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

• You will be involved in the creation of holistic energy and sustainability concepts
• You take on the planning of technical building systems
• You create life cycle cost calculations and inventory analyzes after intensive training

Your profile:

• You have completed an engineering degree in the field of building and supply technology, civil engineering or architecture
• You have 3 years of professional experience in the areas mentioned
• You have a positive attitude, a high level of communication skills and are a team player
• Structured work is daily business for you

This is very important to our customer:

Our customer appreciates the open and friendly communication with the team and the customers.
Internal and external further training measures are carried out several times a year and passed on openly to the team.
Open exchange with colleagues about projects
Openness, friendliness and patience are exemplified from the management level to the team assistants.
You should enjoy dealing with different people and cultures.

Onboarding & flight altitude

As a new team member, you will receive the support of experienced colleagues from day one to quickly reach flight altitude. You will be introduced to the big challenges with smaller projects. Further knowledge building takes place through internal and external training courses.

We are your reliable personnel consultant who will accompany you through the entire application process. The modern and stress-free way to find a new job. We place our applicants directly in a permanent position, free of charge and discreetly.

All job advertisements are always aimed at male, female and diverse applicants, regardless of age, gender, origin, sexual orientation, disability, religion and ideology. Applicants are selected solely on the basis of their qualifications.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!	Engineer - supply engineering	We, NEYC Consulting, are your empathetic and solution-oriented personnel consultancy. For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions. We develop successful recruitment solutions for our customers and support companies from various industries in their search for the right employees.
We are actively looking for the dream job for our applicants. Applicant management is free, discreet and anonymous. Apply to our open vacancies or send an unsolicited application.	2023-03-07 15:53:35.269000
