3553	6158	Engineer communications engineering, fault management digital radio	We are looking for the Authorized Office for the Digital Radio Control Center BOS, 86343 Königsbrunn, Föllstraße 24, as soon as possible and for an unlimited period of time
Engineers (m/f/d) (Bachelor [FH])

for deployment and disruption management in operations in shift work (with flexible shift model)

The Bavarian Authorized Body is the competence center for the digital radio of all authorities and organizations with security tasks (BOS) in Bavaria and is responsible for the provision of digital radio services for all users of the BOS in Bavaria.


The digital radio BOS guarantees optimal and fast help. The authorities and organizations with security tasks communicate in the nationwide uniform network using modern, tap-proof digital radio. In Bavaria, this includes around 500,000 emergency services from the fire brigade, civil protection, rescue service, THW, customs and police.
 
Monitoring of the digital radio BOS to ensure stable and trouble-free operation
Troubleshooting with the initiation and coordination of corrective measures in the event of malfunctions in digital radio BOS
Coordination and monitoring of interference suppression and maintenance work at the Bavarian digital radio sites
Central situation processing for the digital radio BOS
Coordination and implementation of BOS-wide user-specific management (e.g. call group release)
Operative-technical and tactical support in special operational situations of the BOS
 
Completed bachelor’s degree (FH) specializing in communications engineering, rescue engineering, computer science or a comparable course
Interest in the technical context of various digital radio components
responsibility and team spirit
Excellent communication skills and willingness to make decisions
Mastery of the German language, both written and spoken
Class B driving license and willingness to carry out business trips within Bavaria


The following knowledge and experience is desirable:



Experience in the field of network management / network management (mobile radio / digital radio) as well as in the field of communication requirements in the radio area
Experience in a police operations center, a control center for fire brigades or rescue services or in incident management
Knowledge of the structure and organization of the BOS in Bavaria


The service is carried out in shifts. The medical suitability for this is determined by the medical officer of the Bavarian police.
 
A modern and crisis-proof workplace
A varied, versatile and innovative area of ​​responsibility
Well-founded and structured training
Working in a committed team in a pleasant working atmosphere
Internal and external training opportunities
Flexible working hours and attractive health management


Payment is based on salary group 10 TV-L.


If the legal career requirements are met, the aim is to be accepted into a civil service relationship at the 3rd qualification level (QE).


If you are already in a civil service relationship in the 3rd QE, there is the possibility of transfer while maintaining the salary group - up to a maximum of salary group A 11. There is the possibility of promotion to salary group A 11 on the post.


The advertised position is part-time.


Severely disabled applicants (m/f/d) will be given preference if their suitability is otherwise essentially the same. In order to achieve equality between women and men, there is a particular interest in applications from women.


We would like to point out that the Bavarian State Criminal Police Office makes an invitation to an interview dependent on the approval of a check in the police information systems and the positive result of the check.


When filling the position, the consent to an extended security check (Ü2, Art. 11 Bavarian security check...	Engineer - technical computer science	None	2023-03-07 15:57:50.324000
