7468	10073	Engineering Manager Customer Platform (m/f/d)	SIXT is one of the biggest technology-driven mobility companies in the world. Technology has always been an integral part of our business, and always will be. Our Engineers are versatile technologists, responsible for designing, building and running the applications making up the core of our mobility ecosystem. Premium service and customer excitement are core values of our business, and this also touches every aspect of our tech stack. In the Customer Platform, our Engineering Teams are responsible for building and running high scalable systems and services that power all of SIXT?s customer?s information and interactions. Our solutions leverage efficient, resilient high-performance architectures both on-prem and in the cloud. We are looking for an experienced Engineering Manager who is passionate about both technology and people, who has a great sense of ownership, applies strong leadership in a complex environment and shares our vision of fully digitized mobility services. We are coding the future of mobility! SIXT stands for success, agility, ownership and an intercultural team. Apply now to join our journey and become a part of the Team Orange. Do what you love: You will lead a team of smart Software Engineers on a mission of constant development, enabling them to meet their personal and organizational goals You evangelize modern engineering practices and empower Engineers to make technical decisions: engineering manager != tech lead You will work together with Product Owners to create a culture of high-performance teams and improve internal and external collaboration You understand that it is all about execution and delivering value, even when roadmaps change often. You do not limit yourself by boundaries between IT and other departments You will participate in tech leadership discussions to accomplish ambitious but achievable development roadmaps (CI/CD, test strategy, instrumentation, code quality) Come as you are: You have got several years of experience of software development and profound experience in building and managing engineering teams You have strong engineering experience in Golang or Java, and ideally experience in cloud platforms like AWS You love supporting other people?s development and at the same time you manage to keep yourself up-to-date with the latest engineering trends You have strong people skills and take Engineering Management as a servant-leader position You hold a BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience Ideally, you have experience in privacy, security and handling high-sensitive personal information Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, company car,?no dress code, choose your own device, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, we offer you a super international working environment, numerous trainings for your individual development, participation in external conferences and we even organize internal dev & tech talks. Our Feel Good Manager will be happy to help you with the organization or to assist you when you move to Germany from abroad and need to organize visas or other administrative procedures.?    It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: Engineers take note: cutting edge technology is waiting for you! We don't buy, we primarily do it all ourselves: all core systems, whether in the area of car sharing, car rental, ride hailing and much more, are developed and operated by SIXT itself. Our technical scope ranges f	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:05:51.904000
