5994	8599	Engineer: in control technology for railway energy supply, Pfarrer-Pera	Engineer in railway energy supply control technology Direct entry, Academic Professional Engineer in railway energy supply control technology Pfarrer-Perabo-Platz 2, 60326 Frankfurt (Main) Start date immediately DB Energie GmbH Engineering Full-time (Permanent duration) Job no. 163471 Job Ref. 140712 2 Job description We are looking for you as an engineer in railway energy supply control technology (f/m/d) for DB Energie GmbH at the Frankfurt (Main) location as soon as possible. Your tasks You will carry out the central technical support for control technology components and their functions as well as network concepts for electrotechnical networks of DB Energie GmbH (DC 750 V to 1500 V, 16.7 Hz 15 kV to 110 kV and 50 Hz medium voltage). you develop innovative technical concepts according to the state of the art and taking into account current communication standards (e.g. IEC 61850) and regulations of IT/OT security as well as customer requirements. You create company-wide specifications for control technology components in the switchgear and for the interfaces to the network control systems (e.g. grid control) and coordinate these with internal and external interface partners You carry out the approval and release processes and check technical documents against the underlying specifications and standards You are also responsible for validation tests of the components and their functions You coordinate service and Development tasks, introduce new products and concepts and accompany the operational tests In addition to coordinating the conclusion of framework and service contracts for the procurement of components, your tasks also include the organization of company-wide training courses for component users. Your profile You have successfully completed your studies as an electrical engineer in or a related course of study You have good knowledge of secondary technical systems in the field of energy supply or are willing to close gaps in your knowledge quickly Challenges to With your assertiveness and negotiating skills you convince in discussions with our suppliers in fluent German language, you are also a team player, flexible and mobile You are a test expert for approval tests or are willing to acquire this qualification The creation and evaluation of technical reports will not cause you any problems even in English. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process easily online.	product engineer	None	2023-03-07 16:02:51.566000
