6342	8947	Engineer / master craftsman / technician in electrical engineering, protection and control technology (m/f/x)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Bayreuth, Kulmbach or Naila | Indefinite | Part time or full time | 212971
We make it possible for around 7 million people in our Bavarian supply areas to be reliably supplied with energy. The energy transition is succeeding, because around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. Shape the future of energy with us. The Bayernwerk Group, a 100 percent subsidiary of the E.ON Group, offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations, such as network operation - expansion, further development of the energy networks or customer solutions for electromobility.
To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for a master craftsman / technician in electrical engineering with a focus on protection and control technology (m/f/d) in Upper Franconia as soon as possible. If you are interested, please apply by March 7th, 2023.
A task that challenges
As a regional supply network operator, we see it as our core task to expand the energy supply with future-oriented energy networks and solutions. As a master craftsman / technician: in electrical engineering with a focus on protection and control technology (m/f/d) in Upper Franconia, you will shape the energy future with us!
You are responsible for carrying out cyclical protection tests and functional checks on our own devices and systems as well as for our customers' systems.
You accompany protection and control technology renewal and new construction measures and carry out the mandatory commissioning tests before commissioning.
You check and document deviations, drive improvements and, together with the team management, project management, partner companies and construction, ensure efficient work processes and are therefore responsible for high-quality, smooth and on-schedule commissioning.
You are practiced in reading circuit documents, can understand the terms UMZ, distance and diff protection devices and ideally have experience in operating protection test stations.

A background that convinces
"We before me" is very important to us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility. You also enjoy working with project managers and other teams across teams.
As a hands-on designer, you develop solutions and find the best way to implement them in a targeted manner. You don't let yourself be thrown off course so quickly, even in headwinds.
You are inquisitive, like to educate yourself and have the aspiration to understand trends and use them for us. In addition, you have a quick grasp, recognize connections and draw the right conclusions.
The health of our employees is the most important thing. You have an eye for people and are sensitive to the issues of occupational safety and health.
Ideally, you already have several years of professional experience in the field of protection and commissioning tests.
You have further training to become a master craftsman / technician or a university degree in electrical engineering or a similar subject and a category B driver's license.

An environment that inspires
We are a regional employer that is proud of our family working atmosphere. Your colleagues will work with you to organize your induction so that you quickly become part of the team and feel at home in the Bayernwerk family.
We invest in your personal and professional development and offer you a wide range of opportunities for individual further training.
Our collective agreement offers you security. Your attractive remuneration is framed by many additional benefits such as a Christmas bonus, sick pay allowance, accident insurance and our company pension scheme.
We are a family friendly company. You benefit from our options for flexible working time and place of work, our extensive childcare offerings and advisory services when it comes to caring for relatives.

Do you still have questions?
For more information on the recruiting process, please contact Julia Smirnova, +499412017729
Questions about the area of ​​responsibility or the future team will be answered by Michael Dorner, +49951823563
Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 7th, 2023.
With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities corresponds to our self-image and we therefore welcome their application.	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:03:34.242000
