1449	4054	Engineer/technician (m/f/d) supply technology TGA	We are looking for: Engineer / technician (m / f / d) supply technology TGA in 86150 Augsburg!

Our customer works together with architectural offices and the specialist planners involved to optimize the design and construction of your projects. The early integration of TGA planning minimizes expenses, increases success, ensures sustainability and reduces operating costs.

This is what you are offered:

Our customer offers you a permanent employment relationship, a performance-related salary and a performance-related additional payment.

In addition, you have 30 days of vacation, a good work-life balance through flexible working hours, which gives you the opportunity to combine work, family and leisure time. In order to improve your knowledge and skills, you will receive extensive training and further education opportunities. At a modern and air-conditioned workplace, you will have the freedom to develop your ideas in a demanding and future-oriented working environment. An extensive range of social benefits and team events round off the offer.

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

Taking over the wide range of tasks from all areas of the range of services, processing of new buildings and renovation objects,
Execution and detailed planning, bills of quantities, bid review and award, construction management, cost, deadline and quality control,
Billing and acceptance, contact person in the project, project responsibility

Your profile:

• Completed studies with industry-specific focus training in supply engineering.
• Technicians, master craftsmen or technical system planners specializing in supply engineering are also welcome
• Good knowledge of AutoCAD (2D and 3D application) and Revit
• Safe handling of the linear application
• Knowledge of the AVA program iTWO
• Pronounced technical understanding paired with cost awareness
• Solid MS Office knowledge (Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point)
• Independent, structured and reliable way of working with fun in the task
• Ability to work in a team and to integrate with a confident demeanor and communicative competence

Onboarding & flight altitude

As a new team member, you will receive the support of experienced colleagues from day one to quickly reach flight altitude.
You will be introduced to the big challenges with smaller projects. Further knowledge building takes place through internal and external training courses.

This is how it goes!

Please apply directly online by clicking on the apply now for this position button.
If you have any questions, use the contact details of your contact person in advance.
We make an appointment with you and then get to know each other personally and discuss all the details.

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Telephone interviews and job interviews can also take place after work

We are your reliable HR consultant who will accompany you through the entire application process. The modern and stress-free way to find a new job.
We place our applicants directly in a permanent position, free of charge and discreetly.
For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions.
We have successfully accompanied many of them in personnel matters for several years and support you in finding the best talent.

All job advertisements are always aimed at male, female and diverse applicants, regardless of age, gender, origin, sexual orientation, disability, religion and ideology.
Applicants are selected solely on the basis of their qualifications.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!	Engineer - supply engineering	We, NEYC Consulting, are your empathetic and solution-oriented personnel consultancy. For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions. We develop successful recruitment solutions for our customers and support companies from various industries in their search for the right employees.
We are actively looking for the dream job for our applicants. Applicant management is free, discreet and anonymous. Apply to our open vacancies or send an unsolicited application.	2023-03-07 15:53:31.200000
