6060	8665	Engineer / technician in electrical engineering as construction supervisor	Engineer / technician in electrical engineering as site supervisor in direct entry, specialist, academic professional Engineer / technician in electrical engineering as site supervisor in Richelstraße 3, 80634 Munich Start date immediately DB Energie GmbH Project management full-time / part-time (duration unlimited) Job no. 208244 Job Ref. 180342 2 Job description We are looking for you as an engineer / technician in electrical engineering as a (junior) construction supervisor (f/m/d) for DB Energie GmbH in Munich as soon as possible. Together with you, we want to make a contribution to the greening of our energies, e.g. through photovoltaic modules on our plant roofs - we are in the starting blocks. In order to be perfectly prepared for your new tasks, you will be onboarded with us in an onboarding tailored to you. This includes basic and specialist training as well as personal support from godparents and mentors if desired. You can also learn methodological and secondary skills with us in in-house and external training courses. Your tasks You are the one who sets the course in project implementation - as a construction supervisor on the railways, you coordinate the contractors and those involved in the construction according to the type, time and place of the on-site service provision. Your technical know-how and the safe handling of our digital tools will help you, among other things, to participate Specifications The responsibility for the control and documentation of the construction process as well as the release of accounts and supplementary audits are also part of your tasks. By carrying out the disposal of demolition materials in accordance with the waste disposal concept in a legally secure and contractually compliant manner, you ensure that the resources of our world and the environment are protected have the construction site under control and monitor the quality and deadline tracking of the work of commissioned contractors As a multi-tasking talent, you always have an eye on plant and operational safety on site and ensure compliance with occupational safety and accident prevention on the construction site you are in your hands and are the first point of contact and decision-maker in your profile You are also a skilled electrician and ideally have the switching authorization for 50 Hz / 16.7 Hz switchgear or are ready to acquire the qualifications You are completing the functional training as a construction supervisor in railway electrical engineering with us or even have this qualification If you If you can show experience in supplement management, calculation, VOB, HOAI and in the implementation of infrastructure projects, the better you can integrate yourself quickly into a team and, as an absolute networker, have strong communication skills and negotiation skills so that nothing happens to you and others is one Unrestricted medical fitness required, which will be determined by a company doctor. You also have a class B driver's license (e.g. for your company car) Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:02:59.669000
