6055	8660	Engineer as a specialist in noise and vibration insulation	Academic professional engineer as a specialist in noise and vibration protection Schwarzwaldstraße 82, 76137 Karlsruhe Start date immediately DB Netz AG Transport infrastructure, operation & maintenance, project management, engineering full-time/part-time (duration unlimited) Job no. 208914 Job Ref. 180969 2 Job description We are looking for you as an engineer as a specialist in noise and vibration protection (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Karlsruhe location. Your tasks The technical support, advice and support of the project managers in the commissioning as well as the contractual processing and examination of reports on noise and vibration protection form the focus of your area of ​​responsibility. You support the project managers with regard to the assessment of planning law-relevant issues on the subject of noise and vibration protection and also ensure the quality of approval documents before they are submitted to the Federal Railway Authority (EBA) You will also help and advise you in the processing of objections and in the preparation/follow-up and implementation of discussion meetings You are the team's internal contact and advisor for all questions around the topic of noise and vibration protection as well as for the support of construction measures in the implementation of requirements, e.g. on construction noise or vibration protection You support and advise on coordination with relevant authorities and specialist planners and coordinate topics in coordination with the project managers You support in project-related public relations Your profile You have successfully completed your technical/university studies in the field of industrial engineering, civil engineering, geology, traffic engineering or a comparable field of study You can look back on several years of experience in the field of immission control, here especially with rail traffic noise, construction noise and vibrations In the best case, you are familiar with electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) and can already demonstrate initial experience. You are also familiar with global climate protection. You have already gained initial experience with the Climate Protection Act and its specifications. You have extensive knowledge of the relevant standards and guidelines in the area of ​​noise pollution control, acoustics and vibrations, as well as knowledge of project management in the planning and implementation phase of infrastructure projects. Self-initiative, independent and interdisciplinary work is a matter of course for you, you are communicative and enjoy dealing with people, confident demeanor, flexible and results-oriented working methods as well as strong team skills characterize you and in addition to your good social skills, you work in a solution-oriented manner and are resilient. You combine your ability to think analytically and problem-solving skills quality- and cost-oriented thinking and acting Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process online.	product engineer	None	2023-03-07 16:02:59.058000
