6162	8767	Engineer or architect Project management and planning	Engineer or architect Project management and planning
  We, the university city of Marburg, are looking for you as an architect or engineer for project management and planning for our structural engineering department at the earliest possible date. This is a permanent full-time position. Due to the requirements of the Hessian Equal Rights Act, the position can generally be filled on a part-time basis.
How do we want to plan for the future today?
  For many years, the structural engineering department has been developing good architecture in the university town of Marburg in a field of tension between historic and modern buildings. The tasks are as varied as the approach is consistent: seeking dialogue, understanding the tasks, leading concepts to the goal with sensitive consistency. High design quality, intensive user participation, good functionality and committed climate protection are important components of our trade.
    In addition, the university city of Marburg, as a climate emergency municipality, faces challenging tasks in order to achieve the self-imposed goal of climate neutrality by 2030.
  The varied portfolio includes new buildings, extensions and renovations to daycare centers, schools, fire brigades, community centers and administration buildings. The structural and building services systems are looked after by the building construction specialist service. Furthermore, the building construction specialist service is responsible for building maintenance and assumes operator responsibility.
Your tasks:
You manage your projects independently and on your own responsibility in the role of client representative and planner or as client representative with the involvement of external offices.
They coordinate the building construction projects with the building users and other specialist services and ensure during planning and project management that, in addition to design, functional and energy requirements, economic viability, sustainability and energy efficiency are appropriately taken into account.
They make sure that the plans fit into the context of the long-term development goals of the property.
With your commitment you contribute to the successful implementation of the climate action plan.

Your profile:
You have successfully completed a degree in architecture or civil engineering (FH diploma/Bachelor).
Alternatively, you have a comparable degree (FH diploma/bachelor's degree) and can prove your qualifications with regard to the tasks described by means of certificates.
You have experience in design, approval and implementation planning and/or tendering, awarding and construction management.
Ideally, you will have experience in building owner and project management functions.
You convince with your confident demeanor and assertiveness as well as your ability to think conceptually and innovatively.
You fully contribute your willingness to work, cooperate, coordinate and work in a team.
You have intercultural experience.

We offer you the following tariff and social benefits, among others:
remuneration of pay group 11 of the collective agreement for the public sector (TVöD)
an annual special payment (»Christmas bonus«) and performance-related remuneration
a company pension scheme customary for public service.

You can also look forward to:
a secure perspective in a permanent employment relationship with a public employer
an interesting, responsible and forward-looking area of ​​responsibility in a dedicated team
a job ticket within the RMV tariff area (with the option of taking companions and children with you after 7 p.m. and all day on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays)
Opportunities for further development and a diverse training journal
company health management with health courses, special tariffs for Marburg fitness studios and sports days.

Our self-image:
  The university town of Marburg as an employer sees itself as a future-oriented administration. With around 1,600 employees, we provide a wide range of citizen-oriented services. In doing so, we are guided by the rule of law, social responsibility, equality, fairness, neutrality and tolerance.
  Dealing with cultural diversity, communication and interaction between people of different origins and lifestyles is part of everyday life for us. We are very pleased when people of all nationalities feel attracted to our offer and apply to us.
  The university town of Marburg promotes the hiring of women in accordance with the provisions of the Hessian Equal Rights Act (HGlG).
  Severely disabled applicants	architect	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.254000
