9420	12025	Engineer quality management medical technology (f/m/d)	Would you like to reach the next level in your career? At Brunel you have the opportunity to continuously develop yourself with well-known customers - across all industries. Take the decisive step in your career today and apply to us as a quality management engineer in medical technology.

Job description:
Your area of ​​responsibility includes the design, optimization and description of processes in cooperation with the engineers. This includes, among other things, the development of error prevention strategies, the moderation of FMEAs and risk analyzes as well as preventive cooperation in development projects for the continuous improvement of product quality. You prepare product-specific and technical requirements from national and international regulations and coach employees in this regard. In addition, you continuously develop the pioneering quality standards according to ISO 9001/ ISO 13485, taking into account the optimization of core processes.

Your profile:
You have successfully completed an engineering degree. You have experience in the field of quality management in a regulated environment either through relevant internships or through professional experience. Very good knowledge of English and knowledge of quality techniques such as FMEA round off your profile.

We offer:
With us you will work for an unlimited period and in a permanent position. In addition, we offer you an in-house collective agreement that is tailored to the salary structures of the various professional groups and rewards qualifications and professional experience. In addition to the collectively agreed social benefits of an expanding company, we offer you the opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally according to your individual wealth of experience.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 45 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and over 100 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - medical technology	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:51.478000
