8083	10688	Event Manager / Operational Event Manager (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. Have you completed an apprenticeship or degree as an event manager or are you an event manager with professional experience in the implementation of major events (concerts, festivals, city festivals, company celebrations, sporting events)? Then join the EmiR Entertainment team and implement great events in Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia. Your day-to-day work as an event manager in our team: You develop and plan events on request from third parties (e.g. corporate customers) or as a concept for applying to tenders. You advise and support internal and external customers throughout the course of the project, create and monitor the budget and document the project process You coordinate different trades, control the implementation of customer events, promotions or sporting events on site You check contracts, commission and coordinate service providers You are at events as a contact person from contract negotiations, implementation and troubleshooting during the event to the evaluation of the event Ours Benefits An absolutely exciting task in a small team of creative and professional event organizers who inspire hundreds and tens of thousands in their own scope of action A free parking space, a job ticket with employer subsidies (25.01 ? and 19% savings on the subscription price) or a free one Job bike Intensive training and scope for development in your tasks, with your manager as a "mentor" at eye level, who has an eye on your personal development Numerous company benefits, such as the option of mobile working, discounts at the BELANTIS amusement park and many other partners, 28 days Vacation per year, etc. Your benefits Completed commercial training or studies as well as professional experience in the operative (large) event business Positive, confident and open-minded appearance with high customer orientation and communication skills Organizational talent, conceptual and planning strength, ability to work in a team Strong hands-on mentality, implementation strength, Solution-oriented and creative Ideally a driving licence, application-ready knowledge of Office (Teams, Word, Excel) and presenting your perspective A job at EmiR Entertainment with events such as the Leipzig Marathon, the R.SA Festival and many more. Your working hours Outside of the events, you work flextime , there is a working time account so that we compensate overtime with time off in lieu Your remuneration Fixed salary on a negotiable basis Working methods & team In the office in the south of Leipzig you work under a department manager with three colleagues and external contractors or internal clients Your start Is possible immediately Convinced? Then apply with your CV, your certificates and your salary expectations. Our application process usually consists of one or two personal interviews. If you have any questions, please contact Marlene Woloszyn, Senior Manager HR (Phone / Whatsapp 0151 147 301 09 or personal@belantis.de).	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:07.577000
