8376	10981	Event Manager (m/w/d)	The Berlin design hotel Vienna House Andel's Berlin reflects the dynamic atmosphere of Berlin and offers space for creative and stylish travel. With 557 rooms, 3,800 square meters of conference and event space, 22 combinable conference rooms and 15 spacious conference suites, inviting foyers and free high-speed WiFi, the 4-star superior hotel is one of the most versatile conference and event hotels in Berlin. Hotel guests, but also Berliners and visitors to Berlin, enjoy culinary highlights with a view over the capital in the star restaurant SKYKITCHEN, the Loft14, but also in Berlin’s new full-service California kitchen MAVERICKS. In addition, the hotel surprises with a tasteful spa and wellness area as well as 550 parking spaces in the hotel's own underground car park. What are you really good at? Get involved as... Event Manager (m/f/d) You want to? to use your skills in event sales, starting with the acceptance and preparation of offers, but especially to deepen your knowledge in detailed agreements and planning, to show your passion in the planning, coordination and supervision of events and house tours, to show your talent in all associated administrative and organizational activities develop What makes you stand out: Your training in the hotel industry or in the event sector as well as your well-founded event management experience in 4* or 5* hotels of comparable size and category You are a warm, communicative and authentic host with a hands-on mentality You have a lot Good technical and industry knowledge Your strong organizational talent and sales skills, also in English What you can expect: Numerous internal training offers and our Vienna House Academy for your further development Excellent transport connections on the Berlin S-Bahn ring with subsidization of your BVG company ticket Car and bicycle parking space are available Disposal Fully-fledged employee catering 1 extra day off on your birthday Flat hierarchies and the greatest possible freedom to be yourself and thus share your talent and show initiative Stay connected with town halls and team events Personal credit on BONAGO and access to a digital shopping platform Attractive rates in Vienna House Hotels for you and your family We can do a lot of things really well, but not everything. That's why we're always looking for those who show initiative and distinguish themselves through their commitment and ability. If you feel addressed, apply online or offline and tell us why you want this job.	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:43.429000
