8006	10611	Event coordinator (m/f/d)	In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and has been recognized as a qualified training company by the Association of German Chefs. We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the resorts to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen the large A-ROSA team. A-ROSA ? Really mine. They are our promise to each other, to our guests and to everyone who works with A-ROSA. Every A-ROSA employee feels committed to these principles and implements them with passion. Through trust, transparency and professionalism, they enable their teams to achieve great results. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now! Your tasks Coordinate and plan events such as conferences, seminars, meetings, incentives, gala dinners as well as family celebrations and weddings You are in direct contact with customers and guests before, during and after the event You create offers and contracts, set customer and guest requests in close cooperation deal with the operational departments and always have an eye on the optimal utilization of the premises You are the on-site contact person for our customers and guests and work actively in the operational department You are responsible for the correct accounting after the event Your profile A completed Training in the hotel industry or in the event sector as well as initial professional experience Organizational talent and you convince in your work through creativity and flexibility A positive charisma, can sell charmingly and never lose sight of customer and guest wishes Solid user knowledge of the usual Office applications and ideally already with one Hotel management software such as PROTEL Openness and communication skills and enjoy working with other people Our offer A permanent employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends travel Discounts in all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer. In case of short-term needs, a Bonago-Card for childcare? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff canteen will take care of your daily well-being We want you to come to work relaxed? with our support you save 25 ? with the NAH.SH job ticket In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move, and it's reliable	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:58.093000
