7781	10386	Event Sales Executive (m/w/d)	INFINITY is one of the largest conference resorts in Europe! Become part of an ambitious team and an exciting constellation of hotel and gastronomy, event location and SPA experience. From down-to-earth regionality and fine cuisine. From ?home? and ?wide world?. You can look forward to an environment that is characterized by personal appreciation, individual perspectives and a wide range of opportunities for further training. Welcome to a team that stands for a lot of team spirit and mutual support, from colleagues to owners. Welcome to INFINITY! This is how we inspire you: Really good teamwork Great cooperation at eye level at all levels Privately run hotel with room for individuality and ideas Permanent employment contract Payment above the collective agreement Anniversary bonus Individual company pension scheme above the collective agreement Capital-forming benefits Meals in our canteen Free parking spaces Structured training in your individual tasks Adapted further training opportunities Versatile development and advancement opportunities at all levels Accommodation possible Employee discounts on hotel services, also for Family&Friends employee events How to inspire our customers: Professional initial contact for event inquiries for up to 350 people Competent preparation of individual offers through professional inquiry of needs Solution-oriented way of thinking to fulfill individual design wishes Self-confident, committed and authentic demeanor You inspire us with: Successfully completed training in the hotel industry or studies at a hotel management or tourism school First experience in event sales Fluent German and English skills, spoken and written, determination and assertiveness We look forward to receiving your application! Please send us your complete application documents (cover letter, curriculum vitae, most recent job references and diplomas) including salary expectations and indication of the earliest possible starting date!	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:30.341000
