8297	10902	Eventservicekraft m/w/d	Events are our craft - and we master it like no other. Gauls Catering is the largest catering company in Rhineland-Palatinate and at the same time one of the most efficient in Germany. Our recipe for success is the combination of exceptional culinary art, the highest standards of our service and the special touch of our strong team spirit. We have been represented in event catering throughout Germany for 30 years and cook with pure devotion in our business units with exclusive locations in Mainz, Wiesbaden, Darmstadt, Frankfurt and Karlsruhe. Even large-scale company events with up to 35,000 people or exclusive catering for the soccer Bundesliga with VIP hospitality are no problem for our team. As "Caterer of the Year", awarded by the specialist magazine Catering Inside, we face every challenge and make an important contribution to society with numerous social projects. Become part of our craft now and revolutionize the catering of tomorrow. Are you interested in a part-time job that fits perfectly into your work, student or school life and brings you into contact with interesting people? Then become part of our service team and work at events throughout the Rhine-Main area. We are looking for: Service/bar staff (m/f/d) This is what we offer you: Employment on an hourly basis Nice and dynamic team Flexible working hours What you bring with you: Good manners and strong communication skills Good knowledge of German Friendly, self-confident demeanor Well-groomed appearance About us : Events are our craft - and we master it like no other. Gauls Catering is the largest catering company in Rhineland-Palatinate and at the same time one of the most efficient in Germany. Our recipe for success is the combination of extraordinary culinary art, the highest standards of our service and the special touch of our strong team spirit. We have been represented in event catering throughout Germany for 30 years and cook with pure devotion in our business units with exclusive locations in Mainz, Wiesbaden, Darmstadt, Frankfurt and Karlsruhe. Even large-scale company events with up to 35,000 people or exclusive catering for the Bundesliga with VIP hospitality are no problem for our team. As "Caterer of the Year", awarded by the specialist magazine Catering Inside, we face every challenge and make an important contribution to society with numerous social projects. Become part of our craft now and revolutionize the catering of tomorrow. We look forward to seeing you! Type of position: Mini job Salary: 14.00? per hour   We look forward to receiving your application!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:33.726000
