7860	10465	Event & Sales Manager	The Villa im Tal is a restaurant and event location in the countryside, just a few minutes from Wiesbaden city center. Our guests are enthusiastic about the idyllic location and the stylish atmosphere of the historic half-timbered villa. Our kitchen team cooks delicious and high-quality international dishes for our guests, and we also offer a comprehensive range of wines. The Villa im Tal team stands for warm hospitality and good service, whether in the restaurant or at one of the numerous events. We host events of all kinds, whether weddings, private celebrations or business events, the work is always varied and always exciting. We are looking for an Event Sales Manager (m/f/d) to strengthen our "Villa" team as soon as possible or by appointment. Are you a real sales talent and would you like an unusual workplace in a beautiful ambience? Then we really want to get to know you! Together with our dedicated team, we pursue the goal of always offering our guests excellent service and making your stay in our house something special. Your tasks: Responsibility for the sale, planning and organization of events House tours, detailed event agreements and contract negotiations with corporate and private customers Preparation of individual offers, contracts and event schedules Internal coordination and transfer of information to all departments for the preparation and implementation of events Maintaining contacts and Placement of external service providers (e.g. photographers) New customer acquisition and existing customer care Support for sales and marketing activities (e.g. trade fairs) We expect: Completed training or studies in gastronomy, the hotel industry, in event or tourism management Sound professional experience in event sales High level of expertise , which you are happy to pass on to your colleagues Organizational skills, independent work and entrepreneurial thinking Strong communication skills and team spirit Well-groomed appearance and very good manners Good language skills in German & English (spoken and written) Responsible and independent way of working Good IT skills (e.g. Microsoft Office) We offer: A varied job in a dynamic team with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes A 5-day week with electronic time recording Above-average remuneration depending on experience as well as holiday bonuses A detailed training in the tasks of your position and in the upscale gastronomy A nice workplace in a green environment A pleasant and team-oriented working atmosphere Opportunities for advancement Free parking spaces in front of the door Provision of a uniform Assistance in finding accommodation and/or temporary accommodation in the in-house shared flat	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:40.140000
