7843	10448	Eventmanager (m/w/x)	FPS Catering GmbH & Co. KG offers experience and competence from over 60 years of company history paired with constant innovation and further development. For our customers this means: Reliability, professionalism and the highest quality standards as a solid basis for smooth planning, organization and production processes. We attach great importance to the strict observance of our hospitality principle: every customer should be perfectly cared for in the specific time in which he uses our service. Our extensive portfolio includes event catering, trade fair catering, business catering, tailor-made catering concepts for day care centers and schools as well as individual concepts for private celebrations. Teamwork, personal commitment and enthusiasm are very important in all of our company divisions. As a company that is strongly geared towards expansion, we know that an optimized financial system is one of the essential prerequisites for corporate success. WHY FPS CATERING? A good working atmosphere and a great team await you. With us you will be well looked after - you get a balanced lunch as well as coffee and tea in all variations for free. A respectful and relaxed interaction with colleagues is a matter of course for us. Our first-name culture starts with the interview and ends with the exchange with the management. Do you stay fit with us? through weekly company sports with our personal trainer. You can look forward to performance-related pay and a future-proof job with us. You will be provided with a mobile phone and notebook and of course you can use our pool vehicle for customer appointments and events. Attractive employee discounts from many brands and providers await you. YOUR JOB You conjure up an unforgettable event for our customers and you are responsible for the entire handling of your projects - from the offer to the contract, external orders and invoicing. With fresh ideas you support the creation of new event concepts and their calculation. You are in contact with our international customers at trade fairs in relation to trade fair catering. You also have an open ear for any complaints from our customers. You obtain offers from external service providers and conduct price negotiations. Your customer, supplier and location data is always up to date. YOUR TALENTS You have completed training in the event sector and at least 2 years of professional experience in a comparable position? Do you also have professional experience in upscale gastronomy or upscale catering? Are you not just an organizational talent, but also reliable, committed and hungry to work with a great team? Do you enjoy dealing with people on a daily basis and do you have a great enthusiasm for events? Working independently is no problem for you, as is the willingness to work flexible hours? Can you handle MS Office? Do you have a good knowledge of English and do you have a class B driver's license? Do you recognize yourself and feel like adding your personal touch? Then we really want to get to know you! Please fill out our online form completely and attach the desired attachments (CV/photo/certificates). You are also welcome to send us your salary expectations. Please note that we can only consider applications by email. We look forward to seeing you!	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:38.062000
