7054	9659	Everyday helper, supplementary worker, honorary worker, childcare worker, educational specialist, student	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. As one of the largest training and qualification companies, our heart burns for thousands of Düsseldorfers every day. We are currently represented at 18 elementary and all-day schools in the city of Düsseldorf and support students in their social development and education after school. Now we are looking for support with heart! Do you want to accompany young people with us on a crucial phase in their lives? Are you interested in caring for, supporting and challenging children of primary school age? Then you've come to the right place! We offer a wide range of employment opportunities in our facilities, regardless of your qualifications. Apply and we will find out together with you which job and which working hours best suit your wishes and skills. Enjoying the care, education and upbringing of children Ideally experience in dealing with school children Reliable and independent work Empathy for the needs of the children Ability to work in a team, commitment, resilience Identification with the values ​​of the AWO Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application via the AWO job exchange! Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) including annual bonus Good work-life balance thanks to 39 hours/week (full-time) and 30 days of vacation Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Flexible working hours Attractive company pension: we finance 100 percent of your company pension scheme Less expensive on the go: discount on your Rheinbahn ticket An apprenticeship – many opportunities for employment within the AWO Düsseldorf: with us you have many perspectives You know who suits us: Advertise Skilled workers and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful commitment Living values: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for severely disabled people	Helper - Housekeeping	None	2023-03-07 16:05:01.407000
