7041	9646	everyday companion	I'M GOING TO AWO NOW - because my work is important. Come to the AWO Nordhessen, where you will experience more togetherness and receive the recognition you deserve! As a leading social enterprise, we are already responsible for around 3,000 employees in North and East Hesse. Here's your chance! We are now looking for a part-time everyday companion (m/f/d) to strengthen our team at the AWO senior living and care center in Heringen. Your tasks with us Contribute to the good life: You will do the housekeeping, cook and bake with our residents. Accompanying old people in everyday life: You take care of the well-being of our residents and take on social care, e.g. at events. "Help for self-help" - You shape everyday life with our residents and bring new ideas to the living groups. Your profile for us You have experience in housekeeping and everyday management You respect the need for self-determination of those in need of care. You appreciate meaningful tasks, like to take on responsibility and are motivated to contribute your experience to our team. Your advantages with us A secure job with attractive remuneration: Holiday pay, an annual allowance and extensive social benefits are added to the basic salary. More togetherness: We are proud of our diverse team. At AWO you can be who you are! An easy start: Fast application, the possibility of "taster days" and professional training are a matter of course. Would you like to find out more about your opportunities at the AWO? Apply today using our online form by May 31, 2023, or alternatively send your documents to the following address! We will get back to you as soon as possible for a meeting to get to know each other. you have questions Contact Ms. Kunzemann, the manager of the facility, on 06624 - 54208401. We look forward to meeting you! AWO senior living and care center Heringen z. Hd. Mrs. Kunzemann Fuldische Aue 9 36266 Heringen www.karriere.awo-nordhessen.de www.awo-nordhessen.de Please always send your application documents by post as copies and not in folders with originals. There will be no return. All data provided will be treated in compliance with data protection and deleted or destroyed.	Caregiver / everyday companion	None	2023-03-07 16:04:59.760000
