8422	11027	Executive Commercial Controller (m/f/d)	Profitable international growth, breaking record after record, is a key goal for SIXT. To grow profitably, we need to understand and steer the commercial side of our business. This is in particular true for our B2B channel, through which SIXT offers its service to customers from multinational corporations to small and medium-sized enterprises. To be successful in the B2B market, we need to clearly understand our cost situation, translate it into a pricing strategy and continuously track - and at times improve - the profitability of customer relationships. These tasks call for strong analytical skills, a deep understanding of costs and value levers, and a strong personality to discuss with Sales. These are the main tasks of the Executive Commercial Controller (m/f/d). Challenge accepted? Then apply now!  What you will do: You support the negotiation processes with our B2B customers to ensure and increase profitability You are monitoring profitability and revenue development in our existing account relationships, preparing suggestions on possible improvements and challenging the status quo You calculate business cases for B2B deals and provide advice to account managers on how to improve profitability; therefore, you identify value levers for each account to make the best offers  You support strategic pricing measures in all 11 international SIXT markets and translate these into clear guidelines and trainings for sales managers to sustainably and continuously improve profitability of B2B Sales  You manage projects related to Commercial Controlling like defining BI/Tech requirements, validating dashboards or calculations, setting up and aligning reports before automation, and driving initiatives to improve profitability of certain products or channels  You work closely with B2B Sales, Commercial Analytics, Product Pricing, Group Controlling, and many other stakeholders within SIXT About you: You have completed a master's degree in Business Administration, Economics, or a similar field of studies with above-average success and you have several years of experience as commercial controller, sales controller, revenue manager or pricing manager   You have a profound understanding of B2B sales, have experience in closely cooperating with sales managers, and have a proven track record in supporting or taking part in negotiations with large accounts  You have a strong analytical, yet pragmatic mindset, enjoy conceptual tasks, and comprehensively understand and solve business inquiries  You are results-oriented, flexible, and resilient, you have a service mentality, and you are assertive and experienced in the management of multiple interfaces   You are fluent in English and in German and you are able to write SQLs (preferably on AWS / Athena)  Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department:  SIXT's rapid and profitable growth is based on solid business management, resilient planning and efficient management of the Group's governance and compliance structure. The finance department, including governance, compliance and risk management, contributes significantly	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.072000
