8028	10633	Executive Product Communication & Tech (m/w/d)	Communication and writing are in your blood, you are well versed in dealing with journalists and are enthusiastic about technologically demanding topics related to mobility? For our location in Pullach near Munich we are looking for an experienced Executive Product Communication & Tech (m/f/d) as soon as possible. In your role, you are responsible within corporate communications for the expansion and further professionalization of PR activities in relation to product and tech topics. Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you do with us: You are a senior PR expert (m/f/d) and control the PR activities related to product and tech topics within corporate communications. You develop an overarching strategy on the subject of product PR and help with it To position SIXT as a technical innovation leader You write PR concepts for specific occasions (e.g. launch of new tech features, new advertising campaigns, new partner cooperations, etc.) and convert them into concrete communication materials for external and internal communication (e.g. press releases, Q&As, intranet postings) You are responsible for building and maintaining a network with relevant (specialist) journalists and actively pitching topics there You work in close coordination with marketing and the tech department What you bring with you: You have a You have relevant professional experience in PR/media work on the company, editorial or agency side, as well as previous knowledge in communication on product and/or tech topics (ideally in sectors such as automotive, mobility or Travel) You have excellent written and oral skills in German and English You have the pleasure and ambition to develop complex thematic facts and to work them out and prepare them in a way that suits the target group You have a high degree of initiative and creative drive and have a diplomatic and empathetic dealings with stakeholders Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform	product manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:00.827000
