7605	10210	expansion Specialist in restaurants and event catering m/f/d	Work to live or live to work? This is the most frequently discussed crucial question in our working world, which we have also dealt with. Working with us is where others go on vacation? with an excellent quality of life in the middle of the nature of the Black Forest? In the middle of life and just around the corner from Baden-Württemberg's metropolises. The perfect place for relaxed happiness for guests AND hosts. Real happiness that comes from the heart, taking care of yourself and a conscious lifestyle, that is the selfness idea that is alive with us in the SCHWARZWALD PANORAMA. The individual health and the need to learn to perceive sources of strength for your own further development should also be part of you as our employee. We want to challenge and encourage you in your personal development and give you the appreciation that you deserve from your work. You feel the thirst for action in you, to get things moving, to realize your ideas out of deep conviction and to save the global climate. The perfect balance of freedom, free time and work is your way? the here and now is your goal. Career? Only if you can be at peace with yourself, your creativity is valued with enthusiasm and you can say: ?Nice!? We rely on the hosts of tomorrow and appreciate our young talents: In the 1st year of apprenticeship you will receive 20% more apprenticeship pay than the collectively agreed wage, in the 2nd year of apprenticeship 30% more and in the 3rd year of apprenticeship 40% more! START YOUR TRAINING WITH US NOW AND UNLEASH THE TALENT HERO IN YOU! BE HAPPY: FIND YOUR SOURCE OF POWER, DEVELOP YOUR GOALS FURTHER? EXPERIENCE MINDFULNESS & APPRECIATION THAT COME FROM THE HEART   What you should bring with you Fun in the hotel and catering industry Team and service-oriented work Enjoy dealing with guests and colleagues and are cordial Good negotiating skills Sense of responsibility, flexibility and commitment Clear head, even in stressful situations Well-groomed appearance , warm and communicative demeanor, good manners Open-mindedness towards new things Quality awareness and an eye for detail High degree of loyalty and discretion Positive charisma and enthusiasm We know that working in the hotel industry is top performance. Come to us and receive the highest appreciation and the greatest respect. Because what counts for us are talents, skills and personal development? here you can live them out! Do your thing as part of an award-winning squad and find the happiness of your life. APPLY TO US BECAUSE YOUR TALENT IS UNIQUE TOO!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:08.754000
