6073	8678	Facheinkäufer:in "Infrastruktur", Salomonstr. 21, 04103 Leip	Specialist purchaser in infrastructure Direct entry specialist purchaser in infrastructure Salomonstr. 21, 04103 Leipzig Start date June 1, 2023 Deutsche Bahn AG Purchasing / Procurement Full-time/Part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 204781 Job Ref. 178581 2 Job description We are looking for you as a specialist purchaser in infrastructure projects (f/m/d) for Deutsche Bahn AG at the Dresden, Erfurt or Leipzig locations as soon as possible. Your tasks As a specialist buyer in you are responsible for the procurement of infrastructure services, in particular construction work or planning services, according to the principles of the quality management system of DB Procurement Infrastructure. You accompany the award process from the tender to the award decision and negotiate contracts and supplements. You also assume the interface function between Projects and suppliers, advises internal customers on procurement and contract matters and guides customers safely through the extensive procurement process. This also includes checking technical tender conditions, creating tender and procurement documents and ensuring a well-documented and legally secure conclusion of contract. You conduct supplier evaluations with the goal in mind Quality assurance and supplier development through Together with Strategic Purchasing, you will develop a standardized procurement strategy and help to develop and implement solutions and recommendations for action. Your profile The basis of your expertise is a degree in civil engineering, architecture, electrical engineering or comparable work through many years Acquired qualification with appropriate professional experience In the interview you convince us with your practical knowledge from the handling of construction projects, ideally from your roles as a project engineer, planner or site manager. Your detailed knowledge of the handling of procurement processes as well as experience in the creation of tender documents and offer evaluations speak for you , you are also familiar with the relevant regulations and legal regulations (e.g. B. public procurement law, HOAI, VOL, VOB) as well as common IT applications (e.g. MS Office) You are characterized by a high degree of independence and economic understanding, convince by your ability to move confidently in complex subject areas and feel comfortable in the interface between project work and supplier With your communication and consulting skills you convince our customers and suppliers and conduct informative and negotiation talks confidently You are a team player, actively promote your tasks and can inspire your colleagues for new ideas Occasional nationwide Business trips are not a problem for you. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process online.	Technical buyer	None	2023-03-07 16:03:01.297000
