7037	9642	Facility manager* in elderly care, home manager*in	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. The Georg-Glock-Haus and the Hans-Jeratsch-Haus are recognized inpatient and one of the smallest care facilities according to SGB XI in Düsseldorf. The focal points of the offer are the care of seniors with dementia and palliative care. The small size is our strength! Due to the manageable living areas, we can offer family care as well as intensive and individual care. Do you have heart and lion courage? Are you an everyday hero with superpowers? Then tell us what your AWO power is! - Without you, it doesn't work - Start: Immediately Location: 40231 Düsseldorf Employment: Full-time, 39 hours/week, unlimited Area: Seniors' help, facilities Georg-Glock-Haus and Hans-Jeratsch-Haus You take over the service and technical supervision for All subordinate employees You create a pleasant and motivating working atmosphere through a cooperative management style and develop our two houses both technically and conceptually With your advanced administrative knowledge (monthly billing of fees to account clarifications) you take over the economic control of the two houses you develop our quality management and the instruments of quality assurance with regard to the goal of the best possible care for our residents* You network internally/externally with cooperation partners* and ensure compliance with and implementation of the applicable laws and regulations of a care facility You have completed nursing training (e.g. geriatric nurse, nurse, etc.) or a degree in the social field (e.g. social management, health management, social work, etc.) and can show that you have completed further training as a home manager. You have several years of management experience, ideally in the inpatient, gerontopsychiatric area With your motivational skills and positive attitude to life, you carry your employees with you and can convince you with a high level of decision-making power and assertiveness. You are characterized by a modern, sustainable and cooperative management style, which is rounded off by your pronounced organizational skills and your communication skills. You have good business knowledge and are familiar with the standards of SBG XI   Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus an annual bonus Attractive company pension: we finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Cheaper travel: discount on your Rheinbahn -Ticket You know who suits us: Recruit skilled workers and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Values ​​we live by: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled	Manager - Elderly care facility	None	2023-03-07 16:04:59.270000
