6143	8748	Facility manager (f/m/d) for infrastructural building management	The Bielefeld branch of the construction and real estate company of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia (BLB NRW) is looking for a person to start as soon as possible

                 Facility manager (f/m/d) for infrastructural building management

                 Bau- und Liegenschaftsbetrieb NRW is the owner and lessor of almost all real estate in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. With around 4,100 buildings, a rental area of ​​around 10.3 million square meters and annual rental income of around 1.5 billion euros, we manage one of the largest and most sophisticated real estate portfolios in Europe. We develop, plan, build and modernize technically and architecturally highly complex real estate for universities, the judiciary and state administration - also on behalf of the federal government. The BLB NRW acts as a role model for measures to reduce CO 2 in the construction and operation of buildings nationwide. He is thus actively involved in the goal of a climate-neutral state administration by 2030. Get involved! Design the climate-neutral real estate portfolio of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia together with us! More than 2,700 employees work at the headquarters in Düsseldorf and the seven branches. More information about the BLB NRW and the respective locations can be found on our website.


Your benefits - you can look forward to this!

Flexibility: With us you can work flexibly between 6 a.m. and 8 p.m., without fixed core working hours and with a flextime account.

Home office / mobile work: We offer you the opportunity to work up to 60% per week from anywhere in Germany.

Security: You benefit from a permanent and long-term secure job with attractive framework conditions.

Onboarding: You start from day one with an individual induction plan and personal mentoring.

Further training and career: For personal and professional development, we support you through our internal further training academy with targeted training and design your individual career plan with you.

Company pension scheme: We take care of your future. With our VBL company pension scheme, you can secure basic insurance for a lifelong company pension.

Sustainability: In the construction and operation of buildings throughout the country, we act as a role model for measures to reduce CO 2 emissions. Design the climate-neutral real estate portfolio of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia together with us!

Unique construction projects: You will gain exciting insights into the diverse and unusual construction projects in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia



Your tasks and opportunities:

You advise internal and external customers of the BLB NRW on issues of infrastructural building management (maintenance cleaning services, glass cleaning, security/locking services, etc.)
You coordinate and control IGM service providers and take on the cost, quality and schedule management of infrastructural services
Assist in maintaining customer contacts
You ensure the reporting and the data quality and you take care of the systematic contract-relevant data maintenance (in SAP/​IGM-LIP)

You are responsible for tenders for infrastructural building management (in the context of public procurement law - VOB/VOL) and support you in examining and evaluating offers
You are responsible for the implementation, takeover and handover of service providers
You use a structured supplement management
You are responsible for the dunning process from the last dunning level
You will take part in workshops on infrastructural building management



Your profile:

You have a degree (diploma/​bachelor/​master) in facility management, cleaning/​hygiene technology or a comparable subject.
Further requirements:
Ideally, you will have some professional experience in infrastructural building management
You have the ability to think analytically and economically
You are characterized by a high level of communication and teamwork skills as well as an independent way of working

Solid knowledge of common Microsoft Office products
You have the willingness and ability to drive a service vehicle
You have a solid knowledge of German, which corresponds to at least language level C1 (fluent in spoken and written).



What sets us apart:

                 We are the real estate company of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia and Par	Facility-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:09.914000
