6184	8789	Facility manager: in (m/f/d)	STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH

Facility manager: in (m/f/d)

                                                          Frankfurt am Main

                                                          full time

                                                          req49360




Progress starts with us.
 At STRABAG, around 74,000 people at 700 locations around the world are working on progress. Whether in building construction and civil engineering, road construction and civil engineering, bridge and tunnel construction, in the construction of industrial and port facilities, in building management or in project development - we think construction ahead in order to become the most innovative and sustainable construction technology group in Europe. Each and every one of us is asked to do this: together we implement projects successfully and in partnership and grow with new tasks. Together we create great things.
 STRABAG Property and Facility Services (STRABAG PFS) is an integrated real estate and industrial service provider for all types of real estate, leading in digital and technical competence. We provide sustainable solutions for our customers in every life cycle phase of the property - from offices to industrial and production sites, logistics centers to technical buildings and data centers. Our service portfolio includes technical and infrastructural facility management, property management, refurbishment and special industrial services. Our qualified employees provide all services in Germany, Austria, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic - individually tailored to customers, industries and locations and with a uniformly high quality standard. Strong prospects. In the team. Apply now!

Tasks

Taking responsibility for the assigned objects
Customer and user contact maintenance as well as contact persons: in on site
Control of the technical and infrastructural services in the assigned objects and service areas
Commissioning, control and processing of external services and their quality assurance
Planning of the control services for the objects according to the customer contracts and legal regulations for compliance with operator obligations
Ensure trouble-free operation of the objects
Guarantee the traffic safety obligation for the assigned plots of land and buildings within the framework of the contractual regulations
Testing and control of the inspections, maintenance and tests carried out and, if necessary, arrange for the rectification of defects
Carry out property inspections and determine, display and adjust value preservation measures
Carry out small construction and building maintenance measures

qualifications

Completed vocational training in the commercial and technical field (specializing in electrical engineering, HVAC, supply engineering, refrigeration engineering)
Desirable with further training as a master craftsman or technician or a comparable qualification such as B. Studies / specialist: in facility management / real estate management
 Professional experience in handling FM contracts (technical FM, infrastructural FM services)
Strong service and customer orientation
Communication skills and organizational talent
Knowledge in business administration
Good knowledge of Excel and Microsoft Dynamics desirable
drivers licence class B



We offer

                                                                              We offer you: performance-related remuneration, 30 vacation days, company health management, modern digital work, further training opportunities through our group academy, development prospects in the environment of a large corporation and employee offers. Have we piqued your interest? Then please apply straight away via the online portal. We look forward to receiving your application!


Contact

                          STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH
                          Sandra Dreier
                          Waldburgstr. 19, 70563 Stuttgart
                          +4971178238241
www.strabag-pfs.com	Property manager (real estate)	None	2023-03-07 16:03:14.971000
