8130	10735	F&B Assistant (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and committed support for the food and beverage area in the business restaurant we manage at Medi in Bayreuth. That's why we're looking for you as a... F&B assistant (*) Office: Bayreuth full-time (Monday - Friday: 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.) Job number: 9503-23-5742 Starter ... and what you bring with you Completed vocational training in the catering/hotel industry Professional experience in a comparable area of ​​responsibility Flexibility, resilience, teamwork and organizational talent Confident and personable demeanor Knowledge of MS Office Willingness to perform, customer/service orientation and a lot of passion for your profession Main course ... and what awaits you Tightness Cooperation with our gastronomy and kitchen managers on an administrative and operational level Support in maintaining the duty roster, monthly closing and inventory database maintenance Creation of reports of all kinds Project work If required, support in the service area (cash desk work) Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through an open-ended employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A hundred percent family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide , around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Partner, Marie-Louise Hortenbach, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-693 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Food-and-Beverage-Assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:13.321000
