8203	10808	F&B Manager (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. Do you want to be responsible for the Food & Beverage area at our customer's DM headquarters in Karlsruhe? Together with your team, consisting of 13 employees, you will charm 800 guests every day. F&B Manager (*) Office: Karlsruhe, Baden full-time (Monday - Friday: between 6:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.) Job number: 7610-23-5642 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Ideally, you have completed vocational training in gastronomy/hotel industry additional qualification/study in commercial area, e.g. B. Business administration, hotel/hospitality management or comparable is an advantage Professional experience in an operational management function in the upscale gastronomy/hotel industry/company catering is a must Profound management experience with a wide range of management is desired Excellent host skills and an absolute customer/service orientation High commitment and willingness to perform as well as a strong focus on goals and results Excellent manners, strong communication skills and a convincing demeanor Good knowledge of spoken and written German Main course ... and what to expect Management and business management of the entire F&B area Ensuring smooth operations while maintaining the highest standards Hygiene, quality and the enjoyment & harmony corporate standards Management of your team: personnel selection, deployment planning, appraisal interviews, training courses etc. Personal and intensive contact maintenance with our guests and our contractual partners Development and implementation of new gastronomy concepts and F&B trends in the company Planning and implementation of Conferences, in-house events and special events Regular budget controlling and reporting/forecasts Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Fair and appropriate remuneration, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, allowance for company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known suppliers A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Manager, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600 694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Food-and-Beverage-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:22.252000
