8116	10721	Federal Volunteer Service (M/F/D)	The Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is one of the most beautiful golf courses in Europe. We have two 18-hole golf courses, a 9-hole short course and a children's course. In addition, the Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is part of the environmental concept ?GOLF & NATURE? awarded a gold plaque by the German Golf Association (DGV). Expertise is the basis of our high-quality courses. Only with a first-class trained team can we keep our positions at this level in the long term. Our members and guests are our focus and we see ourselves as a service-oriented service provider in golf. We have set ourselves the goal of conveying the fun of golf? according to the wishes of our customers and members. We are looking for a volunteer (m/f/d) for the Federal Volunteer Service from September 1st, 2023. The Golf Club St. Leon-Rot e.V. is perceived in Europe as one of the most successful, most professional, most goal-oriented and most innovative organizations in golf for the development of talents, both players and coaches, and as a home for the competitive golf sport of the best amateurs. felt inside and professionals in Germany. The associated ?SLR Campus? has developed significantly in recent years and now includes not only golf courses and impressive practice facilities, but also the areas of athletics, school and living. With these framework conditions, we want to offer the athletes a perfect stage to train, learn and live in order to promote their development in the best possible way. Your tasks: Sports support for children and young people General office work Learning support through tutoring Maintenance of the study rooms Management of the Instagram account of our education partner Kick-start your life Acquisition of a C-Trainer license You can find more information about a Bufdi here What sets you apart: Enthusiasm for trainer activities Children and young people in the golf or athletics field You are open-minded, you enjoy working with people and you are known for your friendliness Sport is your passion Ideally, you already have some experience with private tuition Ambition, team spirit, commitment and helpfulness are for you Of course, at best, you have a class B driver's license (car) Do you feel addressed? Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:07:11.608000
