7947	10552	Federal voluntary service and for the voluntary social year in sport (M/F/D)	The Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is one of the most beautiful golf courses in Europe. We have two 18-hole golf courses, a 9-hole short course and a children's course. In addition, the Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is part of the environmental concept ?GOLF & NATURE? awarded a gold plaque by the German Golf Association (DGV). Expertise is the basis of our high-quality courses. Only with a first-class trained team can we keep our positions at this level in the long term. Our members and guests are our focus and we see ourselves as a service-oriented service provider in golf. We have set ourselves the goal of conveying the fun of golf? according to the wishes of our customers and members. The Golf Club St. Leon-Rot e.V. is perceived throughout Europe as one of the most successful, most professional, most goal-oriented and most innovative organizations in golf for the development of talents, both players and coaches, and as a home for the competitive golf sport of the best amateurs and Professionals in Germany felt. The associated ?SLR Campus? has developed significantly in recent years and now includes not only golf courses and impressive practice facilities but also the areas of athletics, school and living. With these framework conditions, we want to offer the athletes a perfect stage to train, learn & live in order to promote their development in the best possible way. We are looking for a volunteer (m/f/d) for the federal voluntary service and for the voluntary social year in sport starting September 1st, 2023. What you can expect: Sporting support for children and young people Participation in the organization and implementation of various events as part of the youth development concept, e.g. Sightings, performance deadlines, tournaments, project and event management and general office work Acquisition of a C-Trainer license You can find more information about a Bufdi or an FSJ in sports here. What sets you apart: Enthusiasm for working as a trainer with children and young people in the golf and athletics fields You are characterized by an open nature, you enjoy working with people and you are known for your friendliness Ambition, team spirit, commitment and helpfulness are what you are looking for Of course Sport is your passion Ideally you have a class B driver's license (car) Do you feel addressed? Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:06:50.838000
