6210	8815	Field sales representative (m/f/d)	Employee in sales in the field (m/f/d) Wir, die Städte-Verlag E. v. Wagner & J. Mitterhuber GmbH are a medium-sized family company based in Fellbach near Stuttgart. Since our company was founded more than 70 years ago, we have been the market leader for cartographic advertising media in Germany. Our modern, ad nanced information media help people to find their way around and our customers to present their offer in the right environment. We currently employ almost 100 people in different age groups. Another 100 sales representatives work in our field service throughout Germany. To support our direct sales, we are now looking for employees in sales (m/f/d) in the field. Your tasks You will visit existing and new customers within a radius of 100 kilometers from your place of residence. They inform companies about the advertising opportunities in our media. They sell print and online ads. You organize your working days and follow up on them. What we want from you You are motivated, ambitious and hardworking. You have completed vocational training and ideally have already gained experience in dealing with customers. However, we are also happy to welcome career changers who are interested in something new and are willing to get involved. In discussions with customers, you impress with your serious demeanor and your talent for communication. You find it easy to organize yourself. You have a driving license and are mobile with your car. This is what we offer you An annual income of 60,000 to 80,000 euros is not uncommon for sales representatives, but of course it depends on your sales success. Our above-average commissions are not capped and are guaranteed to be paid out weekly. Flexible working hours and holidays according to your wishes if you work for us as a sales representative. No weekend services, no overnight stays in the sales area. A varied activity that is fun and offers excellent opportunities for advancement. A professional training both theoretically and in your sales area. Interested Visit our careers page for more information. Or you can visit us on YouTube. The description has aroused your interest Super We look forward to receiving your comprehensive application by e-mail to Sibylle Caspar ( personal staedte-verlag.de ), via our	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:18.146000
