8160	10765	Financial Controller (m/w/d)	Financial Controller (m/f/d) WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as a Financial Controller (m/f/d) Cologne | Full-time working hours: Mon.-Sun. (5 day work week, flexible) Job ID: 2437-291/2023 Apply Now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive remuneration with vacation and Christmas bonuses Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pensions through our pension fund Free meals Free salary account Company health management Attractive employee discounts with a large number of partners Diverse further training and career opportunities The tasks: Supporting our administrative Teams at Koelnmesse GmbH Execution of cash accounting and support of the POS system Monitoring of key economic figures Responsibility for and implementation of the weekly and monthly financial statements Invoicing, taking into account key points relevant to the contract Operational debtor management Creation of sales calculations, posting of proceeds and recording of supplier invoices Inventory management Support with preliminary and post-calculations as well as Billing of subcontractors Your profile: Completed commercial training with additional business qualifications Professional experience in accounting and/or controlling Relevant experience in the field of gastronomy/hotels desirable Very good computer skills? ideally also in POS systems Flexibility and independent working methods Strong organizational skills and analytical thinking Good communication skills Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks Supporting our administrative team at Koelnmesse GmbH Carrying out cash accounting and looking after the cash register system Monitoring key economic figures Responsibility for and carrying out the weekly and monthly financial statements Invoicing, taking into account key points relevant to the contract Business accounts receivable management Creation of the sales calculation, booking of proceeds and recording of the supplier invoices Inventory management Support with pre- and post-calculations as well as billing of subcontractors Completed commercial training with additional business qualification Professional experience in accounting and/or controlling Relevant experience in the field of gastronomy/hotel industry desirable Very good computer skills? ideally also in checkout systems Flexibility and independent working methods Distinct organizational skills and analytical thinking Good communication skills Attractive remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension schemes through our pension fund Free meals Free salary account Company health management Attractive employee discounts with a large number of Partners Diverse training and career opportunities Contact Do you have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de	Controller/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:16.996000
