7786	10391	Financial Accountant (m/f/d)	Would you like to further advance the internationalization and growth of SIXT in a motivated and dynamic team? Do you have in-depth accounting knowledge and have an affinity for IT and numbers? Then become part of our international accounting team as a financial accountant. In this role you can expect a varied and responsible job in which you will be fully involved in the accounting of one of our SIXT group companies. Do you see yourself in exactly this position and can you score with both conscientiousness and pragmatism? Then we look forward to receiving your application! What you do with us: Within the accounting team, you are responsible for the ongoing accounting support of one of our international SIXT corporate companies. You independently prepare monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements in accordance with IFRS and local accounting standards. You carry out financial statement analyzes and ensure the accounting quality. You are the contact person for Accounting topics and contact person for local management as well as for external service providers such as auditors or tax consultants What you bring with you: You have successfully completed commercial training, ideally with an additional qualification as an (international) accountant (m/f/d) or a successfully completed degree with a focus on finance / accounting You have sound accounting knowledge according to IFRS and ideally other local accounting standards and were able to do so already demonstrate in practice You have very good Microsoft Office knowledge, experience in dealing with SAP or comparable ERP systems and a high IT affinity You convince with a high degree of initiative, independence and commitment You work in a solution-oriented and goal-oriented manner, have Enjoy working in a team and enjoy actively shaping and optimizing processes You have very good knowledge of English and ideally master another foreign language such as Spanish, Italian or French Additional information Working at SIXT does not just mean creating the future of mobility , but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services, with the aim of inte	accountant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:30.956000
