6164	8769	Financial Management Specialist (m/f/d)	Financial Management Specialist (m/f/d)



Overview

Employer
  AOK NORTHWEST

Location
  Dortmund

application time
 03/31/2023

Area of ​​Expertise
  Finance/Controlling

Department
  Finance & Controlling | Department of Finance

employment type
  Full-time or part-time | unlimited



job profile

A variety of tasks await you

They analyze monetary and capital investments as well as legally compliant financial instruments, make recommendations for the investment strategy and invest funds based on the investment guidelines.
Your tasks include quality assurance and communicating liquidity planning appropriately to the target group, as well as carrying out financial controlling and analyzing the balance sheets of issuers with a view to potential investment risks.
You will also carry out profitability calculations before introducing new processes or products in the area of ​​financial management.
You will be involved in the processes of budget planning, annual accounts and the financial forecast.
The preparation and further development of the addressee-oriented reporting on relevant key figures in relation to the financial investments is also part of the tasks.
You talk to business partners and banks within the framework of existing business relationships.
Participation in projects in the corporate area is also part of your duties.

Your skills

You have financial training or a corresponding degree as well as practical experience in financial management.
You have a strong ability to think analytically and are willing to familiarize yourself extensively with topics and processes that are new to you.
Confident demeanor, resilience, and enthusiasm for communication and commitment round off your profile.

These are your benefits

Secure a varied job with a major employer in the healthcare sector.
Combine work and private life: You can work full-time or part-time in a flextime framework between 6:00 a.m. and 8:00 p.m.
After successful induction, part-time work in the home office is possible.
In addition to an attractive collective wage agreement according to Group 9 BAT/AOK-Neu, we offer you various social benefits such as a company pension scheme, family allowances, and holiday and Christmas bonuses.
We offer exclusive employee conditions and discounts through "Corporate Benefits".
Health is important to us - for example, an annual health subsidy of EUR 175 supports your membership in a sports club, in a gym or when you buy a bike.

We will gladly answer your questions

For questions about the position:
  Henning Horka
  0800 2655-508629
For questions about the application process:
  Catherine Hanker
  0800 2655-500363

Apply now
    In principle, the position can be filled on a part-time basis.



AOK NORDWEST - The health insurance company

AOK NORDWEST is one of the largest companies in Schleswig-Holstein and Westphalia-Lippe. With around 2.8 million insured persons, we are one of the ten largest health insurance companies in Germany. Our claim, which we live with commitment: modern health offers, individual additional services, reliable customer proximity and excellent service.
northwest.karriere.aok.de	Controller/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.504000
