9451	12056	Fitter / Helper (w/m/d)	You are enthusiastic about the telecommunications sector and are dying to contribute your skills to a steadily growing company - you are looking for variety instead of everyday routine - then take the decisive step now and become part of our successful team! If working as a fitter in cable line civil engineering is one of your specialties and the Ruhr area is an attractive place to work for you, you can support our project partner on site as a fitter for fixed network/mobile communications/electrical engineering.

Job description:
Carrying out measurementsGeneral assembly workDocumentation

Your profile:
Completed vocational training in a related profession or a career changer. Knowledge of fiber optic cables, optical time domain reflectometry (OTDR) or comparable types of measurement. Structured, independent and precise working methods, reliability and a sense of responsibility. Ability to work in a team, flexibility, willingness to travel, commitment and resilience. Class B driving license Customer-oriented thinking

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and by mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your account manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 45 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and over 100 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Electrical system fitter	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:55.272000
