8097	10702	Fleet Manager (m/w/d)	In the Fleet Management Germany area, we form the framework for the fleet processes, from the in-fleet to the out-of-fleet of our vehicles in cooperation with Yield Management and CarControl. Our fleet is our largest asset for our mobility offerings and we want to keep this asset available to our customers throughout the term and in perfect technical condition. To this end, we plan our fleet requirements for the SIXT stations in the short and medium term in order to ensure sufficient availability through capacity adjustments through approvals and transfers. What you do with us: You coordinate and organize the fleet allocation and vehicle redistribution for our SIXT stations in the south-west region You are the interface between our SIXT stations and yield management for all fleet issues You process and check orders and invoices You check central KPIs as a basis for control and fleet decisions What you bring with you: You have successfully completed your vocational training and first work experience in the fleet area You are characterized by analytical thinking, organizational talent and a pronounced service orientation You are experienced in dealing with the common MS Office applications, in particular MS Excel You speak fluent German and English Additional information Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:09.287000
