7575	10180	Food Runner (m/w/d)	In the Lindenbräu on Potsdamer Platz you can expect traditional home cooking paired with Berlin beer culture. Our restaurant is located in the middle of the Sony Center at Potsdamer Platz and has 430 indoor seats on three floors as well as over 300 beer garden and terrace seats. In a traditional brewery ambience, dishes from the Bavarian, Austrian and Berlin cuisine are offered. To strengthen our service team, we are currently looking for a runner / food runner (m/f/d) full-time or part-time. Our entire team has set itself the task of promoting and preserving Berlin beer culture and hospitality. We are initially hiring for a limited period of one year; if the cooperation is successful, the permanent contract will follow. Service is your passion. You like to work in a team and carry out tasks in day-to-day business independently and reliably. What awaits you: Performance-related and punctual payment with the willingness to overpay (1,900.00 - 2,100.00 gross at 38h/week) Participation in the tip of the service staff (m/f/d) Provision of food and work clothing Duty roster design taking your wishes into account International and dynamic team Discounted company subscription for the Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe Excellent location in the heart of Berlin Your tasks: Supporting the service staff in the food service Independent control of the processes on the kitchen pass Independent control of the receipt processing when the food is served Communication and transmission of guest requests to the service staff Guarantee of Cleanliness and tidiness on the kitchen pass What you bring with you: You are resilient and work hard You keep an overview even with a high workload You have good knowledge of German A high quality standard First experience in service desirable Communication skills and commitment Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete application documents!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:05.089000
