447	3052	Foreman mechanical processing (m/f/d)	Together to success!

Master mechanical processing (m/f/d) in 47803 Krefeld

your future area of ​​responsibility

• Responsibility for the smooth and continuous operation of our mechanical production (boring mills, K-benches, BAZ, center lathes, etc.)
• Coordination and optimization of the repair management of the plants to improve the productivity of the existing plants
• Management and continuous development of subordinate employees
• Participation in the strategic future planning/conception of the department
• Coordination and guarantee of technical support for the external relocation of components to external processors in cooperation with the purchasing department
• Qualification of new parts and constant optimization of existing parts
• Responsibility for the budget process and compliance with it in your own area
• Contact person for all employees of the company with regard to technical questions in the specialist area

your profile

Successfully completed technical training related to machining (e.g. cutting machine operator, toolmaker) with further training to become a master craftsman or technician.
Many years of adequate professional experience in machining, ideally in the processing of (cast) large parts. Management experience of at least 3 years.
Knowledge and practical experience in the design and implementation of processing concepts
Structured goal- and result-oriented way of working
Assertiveness, commitment and independence
Team player with strong communication skills

That is very important to us

Thanks to a good working atmosphere, fast decision-making processes and individual development and training opportunities, we offer talented people of all ages and genders the opportunity to actively and independently shape their professional future.

A supportive and demanding corporate culture, fairness, trust and respectful cooperation contribute to this.

We offer you

30 days of holiday for full-time employees
1 shift incl. short Fridays
Individual personnel development measures and career paths
Free parking and good public transport connections
Opportunities for e-bike leasing
We are direct, open, honest, friendly and uncomplicated in dealing with each other

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Interviews (in person/video conference) in coordination.

The first steps in your new job!

As a new member of the team, you certainly want to achieve success quickly and independently. We are always at your side during the induction phase with openness and helpfulness. In the first two weeks your daily routine consists of the following topics:

• Factory tour/work safety instruction
• Getting to know future colleagues and contacts
• Training
• Getting to know the internal processes
• Taking on initial tasks in order to find one's way in the new job

Use our support to take over your future area of ​​responsibility independently, step by step.

Have we convinced you?

Then apply directly online using the "Apply now for this job" button, stating your salary expectations and your earliest possible starting date.

Your documents will be forwarded to the relevant department for review. If we see an opportunity for cooperation, we get to know each other personally and discuss all the details. Feedback on your application is a matter of course for us.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. Click on the button directly below.
We look forward to seeing you!	Technician - Machining Technology	None	2023-03-07 15:51:27.575000
