2568	5173	Forklift drivers (m/f/d) wanted in Weiterstadt!	Image text / employer presentation
At Fairlogis, we believe that the temporary employment industry should offer long-term perspectives and more humanity. Our focus is on commercial and industrial temporary employment and as an excellent expert in the service industry, our network will support you in getting started with a wide variety of employers. We stand out due to our quick accessibility and the associated response time. The prompt takeover by our customer companies speaks as a decisive argument for a cooperation. We would like to define our service as a springboard and not as a long-term solution - in this way we increase your motivation and are allowed to work with opportunities that we were able to convince with our fair concept.

Forklift drivers (m/f/d) wanted in Weiterstadt!

Location: Weiterstadt
Employment type(s): full-time
Working time: 40 - 45 hours per week

JOB DESCRIPTION
For immediate reinforcement, we are looking for two forklift drivers in the warehouse (m/f/d) at the Weiterstadt location!



Are you interested in a position as a forklift driver? Do you have a forklift license and long-term practical experience in handling forklifts?

Then you've come to the right place.



Because we offer you a full-time position with 40 hours per week.



In addition, we grant performance-related remuneration in the range of €13.00 - €14.50 per hour.

Inspire us with your talent



Do not hesitate to send us your application documents, even if you are currently in a permanent job, because: we always treat your application discreetly and anonymously!

We are looking forward to meet you !

Your tasks
- Goods acceptance and loading by forklift (frontloader)
- Provision of commissions
- Storage in the hall
- You are characterized by a careful and concentrated way of working

Our requirements
- You have a valid forklift license and have experience in the safe operation of forklifts
- Knowledge of load securing
- You have organizational skills and an independent way of working
- Flexibility and reliability are among your strengths
- You also have organizational skills and are able to show readiness for action
- A special degree of teamwork and motivation round off your profile

CONTACT DETAILS
Fairlogis Global Transport & Logistic Solutions GmbH

Ms. Merve Ünal

If you are interested, I look forward to hearing from you via:

Address: Bahnhofsplatz 1, 65428 Rüsselsheim am Main

Telephone: 06142 48 114 - 33
Mobile: 0176 404 34 59 7
(also via WhatsApp)

Email: merve.uenal@fairlogis.de



Best regards and see you soon,
Your Fairlogis team

Department(s): commercial
Type(s) of personnel requirements: Temporary employment
Collective agreement: IGZ
Salary group: EG 1	forklift driver	We offer

International freight forwarding/transport
Personnel services	2023-03-07 15:55:48.844000
