8341	10946	Front office employee - cashier/stand-in m/f/d - 38 hours a week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. A strong works council Duty rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week One guaranteed weekend per month Collective bargaining partner NGG Overtime is seldom Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay About your tasks as a front office employee - cashier / stand-in (m/f/d) you will work as a receptionist at our box office, information desk and reception desk and will ensure that our guests check in and check out smoothly. You ensure that the guest is provided with all the information necessary for their stay. As a radiant host (m/f/d) you spoil our guests during their wonderful stay in the tropics. What we expect from you Degree: successfully completed vocational training Requirements: customer-oriented way of working Language skills: good knowledge of German Knowledge: confident handling of MS Office and understanding of hotel software Characteristics: team player and communicative Special skills: negotiating skills Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Sea feeling: A unique place of work.	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:07:39.115000
