8369	10974	Front Office Agent | Receptionist (m/f/d)	Front Office Agent | Receptionist (m/f/d) | H Hotels AG | With more than 60 locations in Germany and abroad, 1803 H-Hotels.com is one of the largest privately run hotel operators in Germany. The family-run company includes the brands HYPERION, H4 Hotels, H2 Hotels, H+ Hotels, H.omes and H.ostels. Front Office Agent | Receptionist (m/f/d) effective immediately | unlimited | Full or part-time benefits ? Permanent permanent position? Holiday and Christmas bonuses ? Increasing vacation entitlement? Free training courses ? Employee and family/friends rate ? Travel allowance or job ticket? kindergarten subsidy ? Discounts for shopping and events ? Bonuses for recruiting employees Your tasks Process professional. From check-in to check-out you handle the processes at the reception. Cash management and billing are part of your host's duties. You are the first and last point of contact for our national and international guest mentor. You pass on your knowledge and skills to the trainees at reception and direct them to the interface. Between all departments in the hotel to guarantee your guests a perfect stay Your hotel person profile. Completed training in the hotel industry and initial experience in the front office. You have very good knowledge of German and can communicate well in English Systemheld. MS Office is easy for you and you could already get a taste of hotel systems, ideally Opera organizational skills. You are the epitome of multitasking and a team player who understands guests. Service is our brand content Your workplace in Hanover at the trade fair 222 comfortable and air-conditioned rooms and suites Restaurant with winter garden, beer garden, terrace and Irish pub 10 function rooms for up to 700 people Fitness area with indoor swimming pool, sauna, steam bath, solarium, whirlpool and fitness room we are located Directly at the trade fair - ideal connection to public transport Address H4 Hotel Hannover Messe Würzburger Straße 21 30880 Hannover Germany Contact Mr. Daniel Absch Assistant General Manager Telephone: +49 (0) 151 175 84 736 E-mail: karriere@h-hotels. com Your data will be processed by the headquarters of the H-Hotels Group.	receptionist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:42.571000
