8201	10806	Front office employee (m/f/d)	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. The Hotel Victory Therme Erding was opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to our Victory guest house - there are another 94 modern rooms. Do you fancy it? to create an extraordinary, unforgettable and carefree guest experience. to look after our guests with great attention to detail and to create magical moments by fulfilling personal wishes and needs and to arouse enthusiasm. responsible for ensuring compliance with the company's own quality standards and ensuring a smooth workflow together with your team colleagues. to support a positive working atmosphere through friendly, team and goal-oriented communication with all departments of the company. To pass on your positive attitude and charisma to guests and colleagues alike. to do all work within the team responsibly, factually correct and on time and thus to contribute to the economic success of the company. With us on board you need... an open and cordial host who approaches our guests with genuine joy and friendliness. a high degree of quality thinking and a strong understanding of the needs and wishes of other people. At least 1 year of work experience in the hotel industry in the front office area. Career changers with passion are also very welcome. very good verbal and written communication skills in German and English. an independent and effective way of working, initiative, resilience and forward-looking action. Economical thinking and acting as well as the constant willingness to get involved in the team and to contribute to the optimization of processes. We inspire you with... a unique job with the opportunity to help shape a motivated team. a performance-related remuneration. a flexible duty roster according to an individual life plan. an electronic time recording system with which every hour is registered. Modern service clothing that is cleaned by us. the use of the F&B offer (benefits in kind) of our house. diverse training opportunities. the use of the hotel's own fitness area, discounts in over 500 hotels in DACH and other internal discounts within the hotel. Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form/by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations, to:	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:22.009000
