8071	10676	Front Office Manager (m/w/d)	Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! If you have any further questions, just give us a call: Tel. 0 69 69 77 - 12 96 or contact us by email at hr.frankfurt@marriott.com. We are happy to take the time for you! And now we look forward to your online application. Our Marriott International group, including its brands, which includes the Marriott and Sheraton brands, promotes equal opportunity and treatment and is committed to promoting a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Two brands ? endless possibilities! Your journey starts here! Two premium brands, one employer? We make it possible! With us, the Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel and the Sheraton Frankfurt Airport Hotel & Conference Center are two flagships of the international top hotel industry under one roof. 1,012 rooms spread over 2 hotels, 58 conference rooms including the largest Hotel Congress Center in Frankfurt, 3 restaurants, 2 bars, 2 lounges, 1 fitness center ? more is not possible! The only thing missing? She! Give your career wings and get started with us! Ready for take off? It awaits you Are you ready to take off in your career? As a Front Office Manager (f/m/d), you will lead our front office team. You will be responsible for operational management and administration. You will be responsible for managing employees within your department and will conduct appraisal interviews and conduct specialist training courses. With a passion for your job and the In the hotel industry you motivate your team anew every day and thus ensure that the department goals are achieved. You are the contact person for your team and take care of the creation of duty rosters and vacation planning Cross-departmental projects Flight delays, short stopovers or business trips? there are many reasons why our guests come to us, be one of them. As an expert in your field, you know what our guests need and do everything to make their stay as unforgettable as possible. You advise our guests on all matters and concerns and always have the right answer ready. You keep one even in complicated situations cool head and know how to deal with guest complaints due to your expertise and find a solution? You know that with the right attitude you can also turn negative impressions into positive memories What you bring to the table Completed training in the hotel industry and several years of professional experience in a managerial position in the front office Proven experience in team management Fluent German and English skills Distinct feeling for the different needs of our complex and demanding guests Very good knowledge of MS Office, Opera knowledge is an advantage A competent and reliable demeanor Desire for a new challenge in one of the largest airport hotels in Europe We offer you a unique working environment with two premium class hotels under one roof in which you are challenged and encouraged Good opportunities for advancement in-house and good transfer opportunities to our sister hotels Pleasant working atmosphere and positive results at www.kununu.com Structured and well-founded induction period and programs External and internal training (own training department in-house) and language courses (German & English) Reduced employee overnight stays and F&B discounts in our more than 8,000 hotels in the Marriott Group worldwide Recognition of very good performance (choice: employee of the month) Team events and opportunities to get involved in social projects Very good transport connections and parking facilities in the immediate vicinity Salary is determined by the Hessian collective agreement, which is one of the best in Germany Christmas bonus and vacation pay that exceeds the collective agreement Travel allowance Discounted meals in our staff restaurant Possibility of a company pension through deferred compensation Capital-forming benefits	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:06.116000
