7935	10540	Front Office Agent (d/w/m)	You are the first 'Welcome to Stuttgart!' and the last 'Gute Reise!'. You offer the guest the decisive first impression of our hotel. Thanks to your efficiency, the check-in line quickly turns into guests looking forward to their rooms. The front office is not just a place of coming and going. Here you create guest loyalty. Your virtues are asking and listening. With your kindness, professionalism and humor you transform tired travelers into happy guests! Your 10 Le Méridien Stuttgart arguments: Long-term planner? It goes without saying that you have a permanent employment contract right from the start. mindfulness fan? Us too. We show you and each other respect. #youmatter. fashion freak? we understand. Our uniforms are stylish. humanitarian? So do we: commitment to many social projects. Justice fanatic? So are we. Good job, good money. world traveler? Stay at 8,000 Marriott Hotels at great rates. life planner? Sure - your roster is already 2 weeks in advance. Warmth of heart for you? Always by your side: a friendly team. Gourmet? Free food all day in our staff restaurant. and the 10th argument is YOU! That's who YOU ​​are: You have an open, friendly personality and you like working in a team. You listen carefully and process information immediately. You are a model of courtesy. You know the intercultural subtleties when meeting guests. You know the rooms and all the services in the house. You communicate fluently in German and English. You are experienced in using OPERA PMS. You see our training offers as an enrichment - in your work for us and in your career. Would you like to work with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application! Gladly directly via the button "Apply now" or by e-mail. You will receive a confirmation of receipt from us. Please also check your spam folder. Would you rather get to know the right people right away and talk personally about your job opportunities? Where? At "Your Moment" in the foyer of Le Meridien Stuttgart, every 1st and 3rd Wednesday from 4:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.! "Your moment" is also an initiative to inform people from outside the industry about career opportunities in our hotel in a personal conversation. Come and seize your moment! Le Méridien Stuttgart: The art and design hotel in the heart of the city. Opera meets musical, culture embraces business, employees with passion offer top service. With heart, for body & soul. Awaiting you: a meeting place that never stands still. 293 rooms and suites, over 160 new colleagues on site. Over 8,000 hotels and 30 brands around the world. Always in the foreground: people. Guests. Colleagues. You. Always in mind: Opportunities. Possibilities. Your career in the largest hotel chain in the world. Le Méridien Stuttgart Willy-Brandt-Strasse 30, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany Contact : Michaela Heidkamp Position : Director of Human Resources Telephone : +49 711 2221 2055 Email : jobs@lemeridienstuttgart.com Website : www.lemeridienstuttgart.com	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:49.348000
