8410	11015	Front Office Shiftleader (m/f/d) reopening 2023 Maritim Hotel Ingolstadt	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Anyone who works with us decides in favor of genuine hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training opportunities at the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Front Office Shiftleader (m/f/d) New opening 2023 Maritim Hotel Ingolstadt Benefits Christmas bonus Capital-forming benefits Career development Company pension scheme Maritim Academy Corporate Benefits Staff restaurant Good transport links Your tasks Independent management of a shift Responsibility for a smooth workflow Check-in and check-out of the hotel guests ste Reception and care of guests Handling of guest complaints Training and induction of trainees and interns Become part of a unique hotel project - use this great opportunity to be part of it right from the start! We are looking for dynamic employees (m/f/d) from the beginning of 2023 who can already support us in the pre-opening phase of the hotel. Start in the position of Front Office Shiftleader (m/f/d) full-time and become part of our success story. The centrally located Maritim Hotel Ingolstadt with congress center is easily accessible and offers you a secure job, a collective wage, many perks and other employee benefits. Your profile Vocational training in the hotel sector Well-founded professional experience in the reception / lodging area Good knowledge of IT (Suite8, Word and Excel) Very good German and English language skills Team players round off your profile Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company We are already looking forward to your application.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.608000
