7681	10286	Front Office Shiftleader (m/w/d)	Front Office Shift Leader (m/f/d) | H Hotels AG | With more than 60 locations in Germany and abroad, 3463 H-Hotels.com is one of the largest privately run hotel operators in Germany. The family-run company includes the brands HYPERION, H4 Hotels, H2 Hotels, H+ Hotels, H.omes and H.ostels. Front Office Shiftleader (m/f/d) effective immediately | full time | unlimited benefits ? Permanent permanent position ? Holiday and Christmas bonuses ? Increasing vacation entitlement? Free training courses ? Employee and family/friends rates ? Travel allowance or job ticket? kindergarten subsidy ? Discounts for shopping and events ? Recruitment Rewards Your Responsibilities Receptionist. From check-in to check-out you are there for our guests with knowledge. Induction and training of the reception team Numerists. You manage the checkout at the reception interface. Your Hotelheld profile between all departments in the hotel. Apprenticeship in the hotel industry with professional experience or career changer with comparable experience at the hotel reception hands-on mentality. For you, teamwork is a matter of course for organizational skills. You are the epitome of multitasking language skills. German and English - other languages ​​are also welcome Your workplace in Munich With us there is always something to check in, because: we have 341 rooms in four categories we are located directly at the Bavaria Tower Munich Bogenhausen we offer 7 event rooms for up to 290 people with us there are 2 restaurants, a bar and an executive lounge we have great public transport connections AND always enjoy making our guests HAPPY together       come by and check in right away! Address HYPERION Hotel Munich Truderinger Strasse 13 81677 Munich Germany Contact Mr. Jan-Nicolas Corbach General Manager Phone: +49 (0) 5691 / 878-9183 Email: karriere@h-hotels.com Your data will be processed by the H- Hotels group processed.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:18.086000
