7291	9896	Front Office Manager (m/f/d)	Welcome to the STOCK team... We will strengthen our team with a front office manager (m/f/d) from April 1st, 2023 or by arrangement. Your tasks Cordial care and advice for our hotel guests. Leading and promoting our front office team with approx. 10 employees. Close communication and coordination with the other departments in the hotel/interface between back and front office. Reservation and sale in the front office. Creation of duty rosters. Task distribution and controlling. Ensuring organized work processes within the department. Development & definition of departmental goals. Your profile Work experience in this position & hotel category. Professional demeanor and conduct. Good team player with leadership qualities, role model function & assertiveness. Business thinking and acting. organizational skills. Good knowledge of English, Italian and/or French an advantage. Your benefits Secure job in a modern, family-run company with the "Employer of the Year" award. 13th and 14th monthly salary. Regulated working hours with a 5-day week & digital time recording. Participation in the roster through roster requests. No other living expenses due to the free meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner, as well as coffee and cake). Unique staff lodge with rooftop pool, sauna, infrared cabin, gym, gambling room, free WiFi access. Top modern rooms and apartments with private bathrooms, TV, cooking facilities, terrace or balcony. Targeted introduction and training through our on-boarding system. Personal training voucher worth € 400 per year. An attractive location where you can combine work and leisure. 20% discount on all products and services in the house. 50% discount on overnight stays in all member hotels of the Best Alpine Wellness Hotels. STOCK TEAM Bonus Card with many advantages and discounts throughout the Zillertal. Free charging facilities for electric vehicles. Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to your application to: STOCK*****s resort, Dorf 142, 6292 Finkenberg or by e-mail to	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:05:30.369000
