9379	11984	Fullstack web developer (w/m/d)	Are you interested in web development and are confident in dealing with NodeJS or Python - see your future in the field of robotics - then take your decisive career step, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as a "full stack web developer with a focus on robotics".

Job description:
Your main tasks include web development with NodeJS or Python. Web development also requires Java, PHP and Go from time to time.
-

Your profile:

- Studied computer science, engineering, mathematics
- Knowledge of NodeJS and Python
- Knowledge of CSS3, HTML5 and HTTP, PHP is advantageous
- Knowledge of jQuery, SASS, Git is advantageous
- Good knowledge of frameworks such as AngularJS, ReactJS
- Good knowledge of SQL
- Knowledge of NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB) is advantageous
- English

We offer:
Benefit from Brunel's recruiting expertise throughout the application process:
Our experienced team supports you with an optimal preparation of your
CV, a consultation individually tailored to you and the position as well as a
joint preparation for the job interview with our customer. Our
Diverse customer portfolio from medium-sized companies to Hidden
Champion up to the DAX group offers you many interesting ones
Opportunities for development: whether road, ship, rail, air or space;
traditional or innovative; from development to finished product;
national or international; from the novice to the experienced
Professional. In permanent employment directly with our customer, you design the
technological progress with.

About Brunel:
Through our global network, we can offer you attractive challenges, extraordinary career prospects and the whole variety of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 40 branches, two development centers and 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries .More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards for us - for you too - Then apply now.	IT developer (further education/training)	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,000 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:46.396000
