3548	6153	Fully qualified lawyer - property management (m/f/d)	As one of the leading financial supervisory authorities in Europe, BaFin is Germany's state authority for controlling and monitoring the financial and capital markets. The federal authority oversees credit institutions, insurers, financial service providers and securities trading. In an emergency, she winds up companies. BaFin takes preventive action against money laundering and terrorist financing. She is also involved in the development of global and European supervisory standards. The approximately 2,800 employees at BaFin work to protect bank customers, insured persons, investors and consumers from inappropriate financial risks. In this way, BaFin ensures financial stability and safeguards the functionality, competitiveness and integrity of the German financial center. It thus makes a social contribution to strengthening the German and European economy.

We are looking for a
Fully qualified lawyer (f/m/d)

for property management
for a permanent position full-time or part-time as a consultant at our office in the federal city of Bonn. The activities are also suitable for young professionals.

BaFin is currently located at two offices in a total of five properties, and another building is expected to be occupied in 2023. In property management, you and your colleagues will ensure that BaFin's buildings and associated facilities are operational. This includes major issues such as occupancy and relocation management, access protection and other security issues, but also smaller specific problems such as repairing elevators or checking cleaning services. Despite the increased home office quota after Corona, the offices remain a central place for cooperation and communication.
Processing of processes from the commercial, technical and infrastructural property management (e.g. examination of utility bills, if necessary management of your own property, management of large tendering procedures for cleaning, relocation or security services, participation in the budget preparation)
Processing of processes and legal issues from different areas of law (e.g. labor law, waste law, contract law, public procurement law)
Drafting of service instructions and negotiation of service agreements
Supervision of special plans and projects in property management (e.g. rental projects, digitization issues)
Independent clarification of fundamental questions of property management and occupational safety from daily work (e.g. the need for a separate fire protection officer in addition to the one provided by the landlord)
 
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a "satisfactory" in both (state) examinations and ideally you have several years of relevant professional experience
OR
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a “satisfactory” in a (state) examination (the result of the state compulsory subject examination counts for the so-called “first examination”) and you must have at least five years of relevant professional experience
You will ideally have experience in property management, preferably in the public sector
You convince colleagues and external parties due to your appreciative interaction and your clearly focused approach
You have the digital skills to understand and classify new developments in an environment characterized by digitization
You are open to working in projects or project structures and ideally have experience in workshop and moderation techniques, agile working methods or even project management
You have a very good knowledge of the English language
You have a strong ability to work independently, responsibly and carefully...	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 15:57:49.706000
