3547	6152	Fully qualified lawyer - project management, insurance supervision	As one of the leading financial supervisory authorities in Europe, BaFin is Germany's state authority for controlling and monitoring the financial and capital markets. The federal authority oversees credit institutions, insurers, financial service providers and securities trading. In an emergency, she winds up companies. BaFin takes preventive action against money laundering and terrorist financing. She is also involved in the development of global and European supervisory standards. The approximately 2,800 employees at BaFin work to protect bank customers, insured persons, investors and consumers from inappropriate financial risks. In this way, BaFin ensures financial stability and safeguards the functionality, competitiveness and integrity of the German financial center. It thus makes a social contribution to strengthening the German and European economy

We are looking for several as soon as possible
Fully qualified lawyers (f/m/d)

for the insurance supervision division
for an unlimited or two-year limited full-time or part-time job as a consultant at our office in the federal city of Bonn. The colleagues in the insurance supervision division ensure that the insurance companies and occupational pension schemes in Germany can fulfill their economic functions. They ensure that the interests of the insured are adequately safeguarded, that the obligations arising from the insurance can be met at all times and that business operations are carried out properly and that the law is observed. The central basis of insurance supervision is the Insurance Supervision Act (VAG). Most insurance companies are supervised according to the European supervisory regime Solvency II.

Within the insurance supervision division, there are three possible areas of application for your entry as a speaker: basic presentations, object presentations and competence presentations. Interdisciplinary teamwork in the object departments plays a formative role. The supervisory questions that arise there regularly require consideration from a legal, economic and mathematical point of view. Representatives of these faculties thus work hand in hand.

Depending on the area of ​​application, you will work on interesting issues of regulation or the further development of supervisory law at both national and European level. As part of operational supervision, you will also take part in supervisory meetings or on-site inspections. There are also a variety of other tasks within the business area, e.g. B. concern the supervisory organization.
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a "satisfactory" in both (state) examinations and ideally have several years of relevant professional experience, in particular with an insurance company or other financial service provider or in public administration - applications from young professionals are also expressly welcome
or
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a “satisfactory” in a (state) examination (the result of the state compulsory subject examination counts for the so-called “first examination”) and you must have at least five years of relevant professional experience
The attitude, as a supervisor, to counteract abuses proactively and to clarify identified violations
You convince colleagues and external parties due to your appreciative interaction and your clearly focused approach
You can express yourself very well in writing and orally, i. H. Communicate or represent ideas and points of view in a manner appropriate to the addressee
You have the digital skills to understand and classify new developments in an environment characterized by digitization
Are you open to working in projects...	industrial engineer	None	2023-03-07 15:57:49.583000
