3549	6154	Fully qualified lawyer - Financial Services Supervision (m/f/d)	As one of the leading financial supervisory authorities in Europe, BaFin is Germany's state authority for controlling and monitoring the financial and capital markets. The federal authority oversees credit institutions, insurers, financial service providers and securities trading. In an emergency, she winds up companies. BaFin takes preventive action against money laundering and terrorist financing. She is also involved in the development of global and European supervisory standards. The approximately 2,800 employees at BaFin work to protect bank customers, insured persons, investors and consumers from inappropriate financial risks. In this way, BaFin ensures financial stability and safeguards the functionality, competitiveness and integrity of the German financial center. It thus makes a social contribution to strengthening the German and European economy.

We are looking for several as soon as possible
Fully qualified lawyers (f/m/d)
as speakers for permanent positions or positions limited to two years full-time or part-time at our Bonn office. You will work on demanding tasks and take on responsibility with increasing experience. You will be employed in one of the following areas:


Ongoing supervision of credit institutions or insurance companies, depending on the specific area of ​​responsibility, also with an international focus. Depending on your qualifications, it is also possible to work in the policy area
Combating money laundering and terrorist financing
Prosecution of unauthorized transactions, in particular in cooperation with national and foreign law enforcement authorities
Handling complaints from customers of banks and insurance companies within the framework of collective consumer protection
Central legal department with responsibility for fundamental legal issues and administrative litigation for the entire BaFin
 
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a "satisfactory" in both (state) examinations and ideally you have several years of relevant professional experience
OR
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a “satisfactory” in a (state) examination (the result of the state compulsory subject examination counts for the so-called “first examination”) and you must have at least five years of professional experience
You convince colleagues and external parties due to your appreciative interaction and your clearly focused approach
You can express yourself very well in writing and orally, i. H. Communicate or represent ideas and points of view in a manner appropriate to the addressee
You have the digital skills to understand and classify new developments in an environment characterized by digitization
You are open to working in projects or project structures and ideally have experience in workshop and moderation techniques, agile working methods or even project management
You have a very good knowledge of the English language; this enables you to operate safely on an international level

Advantage are:


Professional experience in the financial sector or in public administration, also e.g. B. in the form of relevant vocational training
Experience in dealing with regulatory issues and topics related to the financial sector

We assume that you are willing to undertake business trips. Business trips can also last several days, but can usually be planned.
Integration into a team of specialists for whom the exchange of information and knowledge is a matter of course
Comprehensive induction depending on your personal experience and individual qualification options (e.g. English courses, specialist seminars)
The opportunity to act independently within your area of ​​responsibility
Flexible working hours and conditions (flextime ...	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 15:57:49.829000
