9398	12003	Fullstack, Vue-Frontend Developer KI-PLattform (w/m/d)	Are you interested in AI- Are you confident in dealing with Java and Vue- Do you see your future in the field of AI- Then take your decisive career step, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as a "Fullstack, Vue frontend developer with a focus on AI platforms".

Job description:

- One of the tasks is the development of web applications and the associated GUI. The focus is in the IIoT area.
- In addition, when developing user interfaces, attention must be paid to the engineer-specific user experience.
- In addition to development tasks, communication must also be carried out with colleagues from the backend, product management and the customer.

Your profile:

- Knowledge of Java, Spring Boot, Vue
- Knowledge of React, frameworks of Angular (Primefaces), jQuery is advantageous
- Knowledge of Scala is also advantageous

We offer:
Benefit from Brunel's recruiting expertise throughout the application process:
Our experienced team supports you with an optimal preparation of your
CV, a consultation individually tailored to you and the position as well as a
joint preparation for the job interview with our customer. Our
Diverse customer portfolio from medium-sized companies to Hidden
Champion up to the DAX group offers you many interesting ones
Opportunities for development: whether road, ship, rail, air or space;
traditional or innovative; from development to finished product;
national or international; from the novice to the experienced
Professional. In permanent employment directly with our customer, you design the
technological progress with.

About Brunel:
Through our global network, we can offer you attractive challenges, extraordinary career prospects and the whole variety of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 40 branches, two development centers and 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries .More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards for us - for you too - Then apply now.	Engineer - information and communication technology	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH-CZ region. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. More than 2800 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players. In Germany alone, we have over 40 branches and development centers with accredited test laboratories - and also the complete Brunel International network with more than 12,000 employees at 120 locations around the world.	2023-03-07 16:09:48.712000
