7242	9847	Gardone - service staff	For our team we are looking for a service employee (m/f/d) full-time as soon as possible. We are looking for YOU for our restaurant Gardone in Tegernsee Fantastic. Tegernsee Fantastic, magical world of experience with a world-class edutainment highlight Another independent operation in the Bachmair Weissach cosmos: A subtle Tegernsee world of experience for all Tegernsee visitors and locals. The Tegernsee as a habitat is reflected above all in the themes of home, tradition, animals and the environment. An indoor edutainment center (3,000 sqm) and its own restaurant "Gardone" with wood-fired pizza, a lot of Italian lifestyle reinterpreted and its own "Fantastic Shop". Your Responsibilities Providing the required mise en place. Laying tables and boards. preparation of drinks. Implementation of beverage and food service. Reliable knowledge of the food and drinks on offer, as well as daily specials and current promotions. Proper use, care and cleaning of the equipment and materials used. Economical and cost-conscious use of equipment and materials. Attention to order and cleanliness in the entire work and restaurant area in accordance with the HACCP guidelines. Reporting damage and defects. Prerequisites: completed training in the catering or hotel industry. very good knowledge of German. Experience as a service and/or bar employee is an advantage. Outstanding commitment, willingness to provide service, a positive attitude, great interest in a. Team-oriented working methods and attention to detail. friendly, warm and personable demeanor. in addition to flexibility, high resilience and creativity, you have a well-groomed appearance, a cheerful and. extroverted nature and team spirit. Your advantages with usWe offer the following benefits: WE PROTECT YOU GOOD Old-age provision. supplementary health insurance. Private accident insurance. HERE YOU CAN SAVE Family & Friends discounts in the Bachmair Weissach world and at partner hotels/ private hoteliers. 50% employee discount in the restaurants of the Bachmair Weissach World. 50% discount in the Bachmair Weissach shop. Discounts in the Corporate Benefits shopping portal. WE PROMOTE AND SUPPORT YOU Spendit Card: After passing the trial period, you will receive a Payback credit card with a monthly top-up of €50.00 and up to €720.00 per year. Assumption of the costs of the in-house German courses. Individual further education support. staff house . Childcare. An exciting, innovative working environment. Overpay. Capital-forming benefits and company pension schemes. Perspectives & career opportunities, also within the group of companies. "Bahmair Weissach Kids Club" free & professional care for employees' children. Extensive discounts at many hotels and resorts as well as a varied "Family & Friends" program. Aroused interest?Have we aroused your interest and would you like to create "moments of happiness" with us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. Please send your application by email to karriere@bachmair-weissach.com If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us in advance by phone! Please apply via Career Account, many	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:05:24.404000
