7899	10504	gastronomy manager (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. For the management of our business restaurant at our customer in Heidelberg, we are looking for an ambitious and charismatic manager as soon as possible. Catering manager (*) Office: Heidelberg, Neckar full-time (Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.) Job number: 6800-22-5541 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Completed professional training as a chef with first-class Skills Additional qualification as a master chef and/or in the commercial area, for example as a hotel manager, is an advantage. Professional experience in a comparable area of ​​responsibility, ideally in the relevant hotel/gastronomy or community catering industry. Excellent manners, strong communication skills and a convincing appearance. Willingness to perform, customer/service orientation and a lot of passion for your profession Good user knowledge of the MS Office programs (Excel, Word) Main course ... and what to expect Actively helping to cook and serving the daily fresh meals Responsibility for operational kitchen management from meal planning/preparation to quality and Presentation and serving of the food Management and economic control of the entire catering area Ensuring smooth operations while maintaining the highest hygiene, quality and enjoyment & harmony company standards Responsibility for flawless merchandise management (ordering, incoming goods inspection, warehousing, inventory, etc.) and the calculation of the whole Food offer Management of your team: Personnel selection, personnel deployment, training, etc. Regular coordination with the customer contact and the supervisor Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through an open-ended employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, allowance for company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Manager, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:44.917000
