8275	10880	Gastronomy manager: in immediately	Gastronomy Manager: now at Vorbrück GmbH & Co KG - ANDERS Hotel | softgarden View job here Gastronomy manager: full-time from now on Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 11, 29664 Walsrode, Germany With management function 11/14/22 THAT'S US: At the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode with its spacious conference center and the extraordinary "Experience? Restaurant ANDERS" we live for the encounters with guests. With our cheerful warmth, lively minds, colorful ideas and good mood, our diverse team makes this DIFFERENCE tangible. This makes guests and, of course, employees feel equally comfortable. Facts about the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode? perfect location between Hamburg, Hanover and Bremen at the Walsroder Dreieck? 75 modern, comfortable rooms in the 3* category - also available as 3-/4-bed rooms ? 13 function rooms and the event hall Courage ? our experience restaurant ANDERS on two floors with the terrace under the maxi umbrella Children's ANDERland and play ship ?Wilde Lucy? ? Events in the area of ​​conferences, weddings, family and company celebrations Your area of ​​responsibility: ? Management of the entire F&B area ? Duty and holiday planning? in cooperation with the chef, creation, planning and calculation of new menus? Calculation, planning and creation of wine and beverage menus ? Creation and revision of checklists ? regular training of employees and trainees ? in cooperation with the banqueting service, planning and implementation of conferences and events ? Control of goods order and goods receipt as well as inventory ? in cooperation with the management, planning of new projects for the hotel and catering industry? as a warm host, you are the face of our restaurant. What should we bring? a really cool team staff catering in the restaurant? like our guests! Financial advantages for you such as company pension schemes and capital-forming benefits a five-day week a company car is possible in this position help with finding accommodation free weekends are possible exchange with colleagues hotels many large and event events different work areas (hotel, conference, restaurant) highly qualified and certified Instructors A friendly and fair management Further training in many areas Modern hardware and software Internal celebrations among colleagues In-house training courses We are among the TOP 250 conference hotels in Germany We are a ?Fair Job Hotel? digital time recording because we don't like to see overtime certified as an ?Excellent training company? What are you bringing? YOU! with your personality and your experiences. About everything else we chat extensively. And if the journey is too far, we would be happy to invite you to an overnight stay. And now? Would you like to shape the hotel world of tomorrow with us and really make a difference? Then apply. We are looking forward to your application. Apply online Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by softgarden	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:07:31.028000
