8042	10647	Gastro employees full and part-time (m/f/d) in the amusement park	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a full-time or part-time gastro employee (m/f/d) at BELANTIS! Do you have gastronomic training or previous experience and would you like to work in our (self-service) restaurants, bistro, snack stand or in the sale of food and drinks or even take on responsibility? We also offer you employment as a career changer or entry into a management position with an adventurous working day. Become our new amusement park gastronomy employee (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in everyday work: Cashing up and advising guests Production of ready-made meals (burgers, pizza, fries, etc.) Support in the preparation and follow-up of the working day (depending on previous experience Cash register counting, orders, inventory, cleaning) Our benefits A special job in an amusement park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m / f / d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized Job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discount with numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits You like dealing with people and have a passion for cooking or grilling with Friends You are reliable, team-oriented and tidy Physical exertion and long standing are no problem for you You understand and speak German Health pass an advantage, can still be applied for afterwards (at the health department) Your adventure A seasonal job from mid-March until at least 31.10.23 with Great certainty of being there again in the 2024 season Willingness to work during the week as well as on weekends and public holidays (in day shifts around the park opening times) Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h plus 2.50 ? per day travel allowance After the training you will be responsible in our snack stands and restaurants, you will always have contact persons at your side (shift manager, team leader) From the middle / end of March     Convinced? Then apply with your CV and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:07:02.547000
