7595	10200	Global Fleet Analyst (m/w/d)	In the area of ​​Global Fleet Management, we form the global bracket for all fleet processes, from entering the fleet to leaving the fleet, including logistics and repairs, of our vehicles in cooperation with the international fleet managers. Our fleet is our largest asset for our mobility offerings and we have to keep this asset available and in perfect technical condition for our customers throughout the term. To this end, we develop international process and product innovations with a maximum of transparency, automation and digitization. Sounds exciting? Then apply now as a Global Fleet Analyst (m/f/d)! What you do with us: You support the expansion of operational cost and process analyzes in the areas of logistics, repairs and other fleet costs You define and develop global reporting standards together with the fleet managers in our corporate countries and our team You create your own reports and dashboards to measure success our product and process innovations in operational fleet management You are responsible for the continuous measurement of our global division OKRs and support the basis for annual planning and prepare it for the team and management You take on diverse and exciting ad hoc inquiries in the area of ​​analytics and process the targeted and independent What you bring with you: You enjoy getting to the bottom of data, structuring it and deriving recommendations for action from data volumes with the help of analyzes You work in a focused manner and complete topics and can make your contribution to success both in a team and independently You are ready learn new topics, familiarize yourself quickly with new questions and want to deepen your experience in the field of data analysis/ business analytics You already have initial experience with larger amounts of data and can process them with MS Excel, SQL, databases and/or dashboards (Amazon Athena , Amazon Quicksight, PowerBI, Tableau, Google Looker, etc.) You feel comfortable in an international environment and have no difficulty in switching spontaneously between German and English in day-to-day business Additional information Working at SIXT does not just mean creating the future of mobility , but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, you can now decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are a global leader	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.535000
