6138	8743	Group leader / team leader (m/f/d) production quality	Fendt - A trademark of AGCO Corporation.
      Our long tradition and our passion for agriculture make our Fendt brand strong. Fendt has been part of the American global player since 1997.
  Feel and experience our global diversity and our entrepreneurial spirit. Let's positively change agriculture together and develop innovative technologies with us in order to master new challenges such as the growth of the world population in the coming years. Shape the agriculture of tomorrow with us and become part of our team.
      We are looking for a

      Group leader (m/f/d) production quality (Ref.: 92665)

      At Fendt you will work for the premium provider and innovation driver in the agricultural engineering industry. Our products stand for reliability and a long service life, even under tough conditions. As an employee in our production areas, you are a guarantor for the well-known Fendt quality. At our Fendt locations, every individual is proud to contribute to a Fendt product that fully meets the high demands of our customers.


You can expect that

Technical and disciplinary management of employees in the area of ​​production quality
Independent management of projects in the field of production quality
Implementation of quality planning in the area of ​​QM production
Coordination, monitoring and execution of quality assurance measures
Implementation of measurement technology, test equipment monitoring and material testing
Development and creation of concepts for quality assurance
Analysis of internal quality problems and evaluation of quality-related data
Tracking and implementation of initial sampling as well as process-accompanying testing in the production area

Your skills

Successfully completed studies in an engineering science, such as mechanical engineering or automotive engineering or further training to become a master craftsman or technician with professional experience
Professional experience in quality management in the field of vehicle construction, preferably in agricultural engineering
Safe handling of quality management methods
leadership experience

This gives you additional points

Knowledge and experience in applying lean methods
Knowledge in the preparation of error data and image documents
Experience in project management
Very good MS Office and SAP skills
very good knowledge of English

That's what makes you

Good communication skills
Team spirit, commitment and assertiveness

That's what we offer

      We welcome you to our appreciative, open corporate culture - full of team spirit in a good working atmosphere. We offer you attractive, fair remuneration with additional insurance and pension plans. We attach great importance to supporting you in your individual work-life balance - your health is important to us. As part of our company health management, you can take advantage of intensive company medical care, social counseling, numerous sports programs and much more. Your ideas and your personal and professional development are important to us. We look forward to working with you to unlock your full potential and shape the future of sustainable agriculture.
      Have we piqued your interest? Then apply to this position with your comprehensive application documents, including your salary expectations.
AGCO Ltd
      Fendt-Strasse 1 I D-86663 Asbach-Bäumenheim
      Phone: +49 906 981-0 | www.fendt.com


      It's Fendt.

      Fendt ® is a worldwide brand of AGCO.	Group and team leader	None	2023-03-07 16:03:09.298000
