5952	8557	Group leader (m/f/d) in the work area of ​​the carpentry workshop of a WfbM	The Görlitz workshops are a recognized workshop for people with disabilities. We offer people with a primarily physical, mental and/or emotional disability the opportunity to participate in working life.
More than 310 people with disabilities are currently finding individual support offers in a wide variety of productive areas as well as in the vocational training area of ​​our workshop. With a wide range of job offers, according to individual skills, we enable people to shape their everyday work.
In our funding area, we support people with multiple disabilities to follow a daily structure. It is our task to maintain, develop, increase or regain the performance and earning capacity of people with disabilities through a wide range of offers of vocational training, job offers in the execution of various activities in the working groups as well as suitable accompanying measures and thereby further perfecting their personality.

For the carpentry work area at Friedrich- Engels-Straße 39 of the Görlitzer Werkstätten, a position is to be filled from May 2023 as:
Group leader (m/f/d) in the work area of ​​the joinery
(40h/week)
The area of ​​responsibility includes…

the care, support and guidance of people with different types and degrees of disability in the work area of ​​​​the carpentry of our facility
the qualification and education of people with disabilities, taking into account their individual abilities and characteristics
they draw up integration plans, target agreements and concrete qualification goals and ensure practical implementation
You are responsible for the quality and timely completion of all work orders
They contribute to the continuous development of the rehabilitation processes

We expect from you …

Completed vocational training as a carpenter, preferably with at least two years of professional experience as a carpenter
sufficient professional qualifications in the educational or social field
Willingness for professional development
Category B driving license and willingness to transport people as part of the care task
PC knowledge (in particular MS Office programs, working on the Internet)
the following personal skills, abilities and strengths:

positive attitude towards working with people with disabilities
Ability and interest in imparting knowledge, skills and abilities
high sense of responsibility
Ability to work in a team, flexibility, empathy, trustworthiness and discretion




Job Description …

Working hours: 40 h/week
Working hours: 2-shift operation from 6:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. and from 11 a.m. to 7:30 p.m
Time limit: 2 years for the time being, extension desired
Type of position: Employee subject to social security contributions
Remuneration: €3,044 gross according to the PATT collective agreement if there is an SPZ, additional annual special payment, €2,717 gross according to the PATT collective agreement without SPZ, additional annual special payment
Place of work: Görlitz
Start of activity: May 2023

If you are interested in this position, please send your complete application documents by March 13th, 2023 to: Görlitzer Werkstätten e.V. Robert Möschter Friedrich-Engels-Str. 3902827 Görlitz or by email to: rmoeschter@goewerk.de
Please note that application documents will only be returned if you enclose a sufficiently stamped return envelope and that expenses related to the application cannot be reimbursed. Applications without a stamped return envelope will be kept for 6 months from the application deadline and can be picked up by the sender during this time. After this period, the documents will be destroyed. You can find more information on our website: www.goewerk.de	carpenter	None	2023-03-07 16:02:46.317000
