8084	10689	Guest Relation Manager m/w/d	Working where other make vacation? The holiday and leisure park Weissenhäuser Strand on the Baltic Sea coast of Schleswig-Holstein is located directly on a 3 km long sandy beach and is one of the most popular holiday resorts in Germany. The company has been delighting holidaymakers with its great variety for 45 years. Guests can choose between accommodation in various holiday apartments, holiday homes, penthouses and the **** beach hotel. The complex includes numerous attractions such as the subtropical bathing paradise, the jungle land adventure, the dune pool with wellness and fitness area and the WaWaCo wakeboard and water ski facility. There are also countless restaurants, bistros, bars and cafés. With us there is always something going on! The Weissenhäuser Strand holiday and leisure park is open all year round and attracts numerous holidaymakers to the Baltic Sea all year round. Whether families, couples, best agers or class trips and conference guests? there is something for everyone here. That way we never get bored. The holiday and leisure park Weissenhäuser Strand is like a big family with more than 500 employees. And we want to keep growing! Become part of our success story and apply now. Your added value: Attractive crew benefits Training and further education opportunities Electronic time recording system Uniform Permanent full-time employment Holiday and Christmas bonus Work on the Baltic Sea beach And much more Responsibilities: First contact person for our guests on site and an open ear for their suggestions, wishes and feedback Individual personal Taking care of our guests during their stay Guest loyalty VIP handling including preparation of arrivals and personal room check Complaints handling including correspondence Close cooperation with all departments Quality control of the processes relating to the guest in reservation, service point and housekeeping as well as the development of efficient guest concepts Creation of statistics and reporting Requirements profile : Completed training in the hotel industry and/or completed studies in the hotel industry Good knowledge of German and English, both spoken and written Confident, emphatic and positive appearance in dealing with people Rhetorical talent and communication skills Objective, service-oriented and solution-oriented action Independent working method and stress-resistant Intercultural competence	guest attendant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:07.698000
