5902	8507	hairdresser (m/f/d)	Dream hairdressing job: With a tailwind into a better future ... as a top stylist with great prospects in our top La Biosthétique Beauty Lounge! Excellent working conditions? Of course now. Of course also with us. But is that all? As a Hair & Beauty Artist (m/f/d) at STEINHOFF HAARDESIGN, you can expect more than the normal hairdressing job: You are far removed from everything that others understand by hairdressing. Our stylists are top creatives and like a magician for many clients. Experience a short break from everyday life with our customers! You will feel comfortable in our unique ambience and make your/our customers happy so that they float out of the salon. And all this in a great team! You will love working in this environment! Turn your job into a meaningful activity! Also for hairdressers fresh out of training and returnees, whose career paths can lead from beauty assistant to hair & beauty artist (master stylist). And that's what we offer: We reward your performance, your commitment, your passion with an above-average salary (hairdressers don't earn much!). We invest in your future (10,000 euros) - based on your level, we work out a further training plan with you for the first 2 years with us. This includes in-house training as well as external training in the best competence centers in Germany. You can contribute and realize your ideas at any time. Whether trainee, stylist, top stylist, salon manager, or management: we meet at eye level. Would you like to achieve absolute mastery in a specific area? No problem, there is enough room for specializations in our concept. Or would you like to manage an area in our company? Constant further development and a desire for responsibility are always encouraged with us. You have the opportunity to expand your basic training with additional training paths.You can achieve the following degrees at the LA BIOSTHETIQUE Academy: coloration expert, make-up artist, hair and scalp expert, beautician us to calligraphy cut experts ((f/m/d). Would you like to work with the most modern tools? As a double winner in the Tophair Challenge "Salon of the Year 2022" in the "Digital Business" category, among others, you will work in an innovative salon environment Digital tools create freedom to take care of people even more Your way to us: Do you think you have to bring all the technical know-how with you to be able to "play with us"? That's definitely not the case. For What matters to us is people, their love of the job and their willingness to do everything possible to be among the best in the industry. Contact us online (application form) or send your documents to our business address. We look forward to meeting you and telling you more about our company. We see the application process as a mutual exchange in order to shape future cooperation. E-MAIL - info@friseur-reutlingen.de POST - Steinhoff Haardesign, Lederstr. 78, 72764 Reutlingen INTERNET - http://www.friseur-reutlingen.de/friseur_job/	Hair stylist	None	2023-03-07 16:02:40.174000
