5905	8510	Head of Finance and Accounting (m/f/d)	The RhönSprudel mineral fountain is a company of the RhönSprudel Group, which is one of the top 10 mineral fountain companies in Germany. The product range includes high-quality mineral water, fruit spritzers and sweet drinks, which are established nationally as brands. The unique location of RhönSprudel in the Rhön Biosphere Reserve and the special purity of its mineral springs make RhönSprudel products a special treat of pure nature. For our financial accounting within the RhönSprudel Group, we are now looking for a Head of Finance and Accounting (M/F/D) at the Ebersburg location. Main areas of responsibility: Overall responsibility for financial accounting with 6 employees at two locations in Germany. Responsibility for the timely preparation of months -, quarterly and annual financial statements as well as the consolidated financial statements according to HGB Execution of consolidation entries at group level Support in monthly, quarterly and annual financial statement reporting Participation in budgeting and support in group planning Supervision of the group chart of accounts & internal specialist contact person for accounting issues Preparation of evaluations and reconciliations ( e.g. actual/plan/previous year comparisons) Supervision and coordination of the intercompany cost allocation Optimization & standardization of the processes in finance and accounting Planning and support of various projects in finance and accounting as well as participation in and in cross-departmental projects Your profile: Management experience as well as fun and Enjoy a management position Further development of the department and the employees in accordance with our corporate mission statement Relevant professional experience in a comparable position Business studies or commercial or tax training and ideally certification as a certified accountant (IHK) Professional experience in a comparable position in a manufacturing group company, ideally in in the beverage industry or consumer goods industry in-depth IT knowledge and confident handling of Microsoft Office programs ability to quickly understand and structure complex relationships and to communicate in an understandable, precise manner result-oriented, proactive and independent work as well as a high degree of responsibility willingness to occasional business trips We offer: A corporate culture that focuses on high product quality, the preservation of nature and fair cooperation Working in a medium-sized company with flat hierarchies and a varied and creative area of ​​responsibility A comprehensive and professional induction and work in a friendly and motivated Team with short decision-making processes 30 days of vacation, payment according to collective agreement Vacation and Christmas bonus Company health management (health courses, running and cycling groups as well as other measures for a healthy working atmosphere) and company pension scheme Support from the pme family service in all situations The possibility of bike Leasing, corporate benefits, etc. And of course plenty of soft drinks, both during working hours and a supply for home Interested? Then we look forward to receiving your application on the website. Do you have any questions about our company or the position? Then please send an e-mail to our personnel officer Nadine Ludigkeit, ludigkeit@rhoensprudel-gruppe.de. Apply now! Mineral fountain RhönSprudel Egon Schindel GmbH, Weikardshof 2, 36157 Ebersburg-Weyhers RhönSprudel. The enjoyment of pure nature - from the depths of the biosphere reserve	Manager - Finance and Accounting	None	2023-03-07 16:02:40.541000
