6083	8688	Head of Human Resources Management TFG Transfracht GmbH (f/m	Head of Human Resources Management TFG Transfracht GmbH (f/m/d) Manager Head of Human Resources Management TFG Transfracht GmbH (f/m/d) Mainz, Germany Start date September 1, 2023 TFG Transfracht GmbH Personnel, commercial professions full-time/part-time (duration unlimited ) Job no. 209339 Job Ref. 181370 2 Job description We are looking for you as Head of Human Resources Management TFG Transfracht GmbH (f/m/d) for the DB Cargo AG business unit in Mainz as soon as possible. As Head of HR Management at TFG Transfracht GmbH, as a member of the HR Business Partner Sales team in the DB Cargo business unit, you are responsible for all HR work at TFG Transfracht GmbH, including the implementation of the DB Group's HR strategy. At the same time, you are jointly responsible for achieving the company's business goals. With your HR management team, you advise the executives of TFG Transfracht GmbH individually and professionally on all questions of HR work along the entire HR value chain. Your tasks You advise managers on employee-related management tasks and support them in the selection and use of suitable HR instruments. You control the application and implementation of HR core processes and HR instruments, involving the HR experts and service functions in the business area or the group You manage personnel planning, personnel controlling and the implementation of personnel adjustments. You initiate measures to implement the personnel strategy and strengthen the performance of managers and employees, among other things through the implementation of performance management. As an HR Business Partner, you ensure compliance with and implementation of the relevant laws and collective agreements and creates a partnership with the interest groups You are responsible for the integration of the interest groups in accordance with the legal and other regulations as well as the conclusion of company agreements and other collective agreements. Part of your main tasks is also the legally compliant and auditable documentation of all personnel-related information in the area of ​​​​responsibility as well as the performance of the tasks of the management within the meaning of the BetrVG as the responsible personnel manager Your profile University degree in relevant disciplines (e.g. Law, economics or social sciences) or comparable training Several years of professional experience and, if possible, management experience in various roles in HR work (e.g. as HR business partner, HR expert, HR strategist) Creativity and solution orientation in the field of tension of current HR policy challenges (e.g. demographics , recruitment, digital transformation) Strong professional foundation as an HR professional in connection with a pronounced entrepreneurial thinking and acting as well as the ability to organize one's own work area and make it productive A high degree of quality awareness, credibility and communication skills with the various stakeholders as well Confident and convincing demeanor Demonstrable success in the goal-oriented design of change processes Confident handling of HR control parameters Willingness to actively participate in an internationally oriented HR management team Your contact Klos, Gerhard	Operations manager - commercial	None	2023-03-07 16:03:02.530000
