7034	9639	Head of day care	We offer 14 day care places in our Ceweco day care facility at the Haus Müllerburg senior citizens' center in Oerlinghausen. The following position is to be filled as soon as possible: day care manager (m/f/d). The position is 32.00 hours per week. and is unlimited. The classification is based on TV AWO NRW in salary group Kr 9b. Implementation and further development of the day care concept under technical, legal and economic aspects Ensuring care and nursing quality in accordance with quality goals Coordination of work processes, holding regular service meetings, needs-based personnel deployment planning Planning, implementation, evaluation of nursing and care services, professional nursing documentation, advice for guests and relatives Representation of day care and networking in the district Health and nursing staff or geriatric nurses with several years of professional experience and completed further training as a responsible nursing specialist according to § 71 SGB XI or a business administration, nursing science or social science degree Management experience is an advantage Motivating staff management, communication and conflict skills Safe handling with MS Office and EDP-supported care documentation Commitment to AWO values ​​Solidarity, tolerance, freedom, equality and justice in companies/associations and society Family-conscious personnel policy and company health management Company pension scheme according to collective agreement regulations Introducing ideas and helping to shape the team, facility and association Opportunities for further training and development We look forward to receiving your application. Is the position not a good fit for you? never mind More jobs are waiting for you at www.perspective-awo.de. Good to know: AWO Ostwestfalen-Lippe e.V. is certified according to ISO 9001 and the AWO quality requirements. We have been recognized as a family-friendly company. Severely disabled people are given preference if they have the same qualifications and suitability. According to § 7, 1 TzBfG, full-time positions can also be converted into part-time positions, provided that the job is suitable for this and urgent operational issues do not conflict	Manager - Elderly care facility	None	2023-03-07 16:04:58.904000
