7967	10572	Head of Bar (m/w/d)	Our family-run ****S Hotel EDELWEISS Berchtesgaden is located in the middle of a vibrant pedestrian zone. Our 129 comfort rooms and 4 restaurants promise relaxing days of enjoyment for the whole family. The highlight is the PANORAMA restaurant and the 2000 m² wellness area with a view over the roofs of Berchtesgaden. Our team currently consists of 150 employees. We at the Hotel EDELWEISS are a family-run company in the third generation. Dealing with our guests and employees is always characterized by family friendliness. There is a strong WE feeling in our company and we attach great importance to flat hierarchies and good team spirit. We promote our team spirit with regular events, excursions and doing sports together. We offer our approximately 150 employees an optimal work-life balance in the beautiful and natural surroundings of the Berchtesgadener Land. Together we want to make the Hotel EDELWEISS in Berchtesgaden the best hotel in Germany. Are you motivated to actively support us? Then find out more about our vacancies here. Your tasks: Together with the service team, you ensure an atmospheric atmosphere for our guests in the hotel bar area Planning, implementation and control of the service in the hotel bar area Ensuring correct booking of food and drinks Professional complaint management Professional advice and sales-oriented guest care Management and training of employees Induction of new employees , temporary workers and trainees Roster creation and holiday planning Ordering of goods after consultation and acceptance of deliveries What you bring with you: Completed vocational training & experience in the same position in the upscale hotel industry/gastronomy Well-founded specialist knowledge in beverages Impeccable German, English and other foreign language skills are an advantage You are enthusiastic and bring new ideas You have leadership qualities with assertiveness and keep an overview even in stressful situations Organizational talent, quality awareness and communication skills You have a sense of responsibility and the ability to work in a team   We offer: Subsidy to the company pension plan Free meals including free drinks & coffee 7 days a week Stylish and adequate Employee clothing in the relevant departments Offer and promotion of training & further education Internal career opportunities & opportunities for advancement Accommodation in the nearby staff house, walking time approx. 5 minutes Use of the spa area (SUN-THU from 6:30 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.) incl. Fitness room (daily from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.) Birthday and Christmas gifts as well as gifts for special occasions such as anniversaries Joint sports activities and team events Bonus if employees recruit employees and they stay with the company for 6 months Bonus for apprentices with good or excellent vocational school success Free child care during opening hours Family & Friends rate in consultation and subject to availability Discounts at our main hotel The EDELWEISS Salzburg Mountain Resort Special prices at our cooperation partner and 5-star hotel ?Bio- und Wellnessresort Stanglwirt? in Tyrol Free e-bike rental, subject to availability Every employee can enjoy the breakfast buffet and the half-board evening menu free of charge when accompanied -20% on stays in partner companies of the Leading Spa Resorts -20% when purchasing all EDELWEISS vouchers at the reception -20% on all F&B services in the house -20% on all beauty products -30% discount on beauty treatments and massages from 9:00 a.m. ? 14:00 clock	Bar-Chef/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:53.286000
