7671	10276	Head of Service - Resource Management - Scheduling - Personnel & Sales - Düsseldorf	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Head of Service - Customer & Staff Success Manager! Shape your own future and that of your employees and become part of our internal team as head of the Service department in Düsseldorf. Your task: BUHL Personal is THE personnel service provider when it comes to catering staff. As a fair and reliable employer, we support our customers from all gastronomic sectors. Together with your new team, you will continue to build up your branch. You can draw on the experience of your colleagues on site and the more than 30 branches throughout Germany. As head of the service department, you can expect a varied and exciting range of tasks with personnel responsibility and a wide range of customer contacts in our Düsseldorf branch. Your activities in detail:   Management & responsibility of the Service department Support of the customers assigned to you from all gastronomic sectors in the catchment area of ​​the branch Telephone & personal acquisition of new customers Employee search, selection & recruitment Communication with the applicants & employees Management responsibility Personnel deployment planning & Scheduling of work assignments Implementation of personnel training according to the BUHL internal training system Management of assignments Completion of administrative work in the branch office Reporting to the branch & regional management Close cooperation with the kitchen department manager Your profile: Well-founded gastronomic training & professional experience in the catering/hotel industry as well as in Event area Ideally further training as a hotel manager or experience in a similar position Basic commercial knowledge Technical competence to lead and motivate employees Flexible, quality-oriented and independent working methods Well-groomed appearance and good manners High communication and action skills Experience in dealing with MS Office Business fluent German language skills, both written and spoken Class B driver's license We offer you: An attractive and modern workplace in a professional team of motivated specialists A collegial working atmosphere and fun at work A performance-based and punctual salary with all social benefits Solid training in your area of ​​responsibility Flat hierarchies & short decision-making processes Discounted membership in a fitness studio Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Very good career prospects in a modern service company The opportunity to help write a new chapter in your branch Your future begins today! Apply now! Your contact person is our branch manager Mr. Boris Kolosch.	General Manager/in (Gastronomie)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:16.866000
