8411	11016	Head of Human Resources DACH (m/w/d)	Are you already an experienced manager in HR and looking for a new challenge with a global player in the field of mobility? Then our newly created position as Head of Human Resources DACH (m/f/d) at SIXT is just right for you! You are responsible for the standardization of HR-relevant processes for DACH and act as an expert for our managers at all levels. At the same time, you will lead a team of 20 HR experts in the areas of recruiting, HR business partnering and feel good management. Sounds exciting? Then apply today! What you do with us: You are responsible for and manage the entire HR area DACH including the further development and implementation of the HR strategy You ensure the smooth running of all personnel-related processes and are responsible for them for DACH You are a sparring partner for executives and management in all labor law and personnel-related questions At the same time, you expand the HR functions in the company and support the structural training of the departments You are responsible for and involved in HR projects for the implementation of strategic HR and corporate policy measures What you bring: You have extensive professional experience in a wide-ranging HR generalist function, ideally paired with Many years of management experience You have successfully completed a degree with a focus on human resources or law coupled with sound knowledge of labor law or social security law You enjoy and are enthusiastic about working constructively with other people in an international team You are characterized by an authentic personality with high performance and a strong personality Result orientation You speak fluent German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. Specifically for you, this means: 30 days of vacation, support with your old-age provision and capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the support, further development and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of new work, transformation support, HR systems and people analytics. The promotion of innovation, a working environment in which everyone feels comfortable and in which future-oriented work is valued are some of our most important goals, which we work towards every day. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.729000
