6032	8637	Head of Railway Technology (m/f/d), Hamburg	Head of Railway Technology (m/f/d) The Hamburg Port Authority Modern and sustainable port management from a single source The Hamburg Port Authority (HPA) takes care of the economic heartbeat of the Hanseatic city. With around 1,800 employees, we are responsible, among other things, for the waterside and landside infrastructure, increase safety and profitability in the port, plan and implement construction projects and take on real estate management. We combine efficiency and environmental awareness, not least thanks to the use of the latest technologies and forward-looking projects such as smartPORT. We maintain close contact with shipping, logistics and service providers. Our long-term goal is to maintain and expand our position as the largest universal port in Germany. In short We make port In this varied and challenging position you will be in charge of the railway technology department (Railway Engineering & Maintenance). As one of the deputy managers of the Railway Infrastructure division, you are part of the management team of the port railway in Europe's largest railway port. These tasks await you You plan and control the replacement investment and maintenance as well as the expansion and new construction of the port railway You assume overall responsibility for the 5 teams and are responsible for economic success You are responsible for personnel and resource management for your area, create profitability calculations and have Technical and economic results in view You will continue to update maintenance strategies and concepts You will control external contractors in planning and implementation and ensure qualified construction supervision You will also be responsible for the technical system for the operational safety of the port railway and the tasks of the BzS office responsible for operation You are involved in the updating of the service level agreements for the railway systems. You take on the internal and external communication for your area of ​​responsibility and, if necessary, represent the port railway both within the HPA and with external partners and represent the HPA in the context of public relations. That's what you bring We assume that you have in-depth knowledge of the planning, project management and maintenance of traffic routes in the relevant technical regulations as well as in railway, procurement and planning law you know your way around and have an understanding of business administration. You are also characterized by a modern understanding of leadership, strategic thinking and cooperative action. You find it easy to take others with you and get them excited about your ideas. Our benefits Family, free time and work Flexible working hours, home office, part-time, family-friendly atmosphere, sabbaticals and elder care, holiday offers or parent-child rooms - for your life balance we make many things possible. Health in focus with interesting keynote speeches, digital health offers, attractive cooperations and our own health platform. It was not for nothing that we received the Corporate Health Award 2020. Attractive locations in the port and in the warehouse district. For the sake of the environment, we offer the HVV ProfiTicket and bicycle leasing at a reduced price. A wide range of development opportunities With our comprehensive range of further training opportunities, we invest together in your development, for example through subject-related and interdisciplinary training, coaching and mentoring programs. Fair remuneration According to the collective agreement of the AVH, we offer you transparent remuneration, special payments, an attractive pension scheme, 30 days of vacation (additional work-free on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve), various perks through Corpora	Operations manager - commercial	None	2023-03-07 16:02:56.237000
