7886	10491	Head of wellness, massage and cosmetics m/f/d	Work to live or live to work? This is the most frequently discussed crucial question in our working world, which we have also dealt with. Working with us is where others go on vacation? with an excellent quality of life in the middle of the nature of the Black Forest? In the middle of life and just around the corner from Baden-Württemberg's metropolises. The perfect place for relaxed happiness for guests AND hosts. Real happiness that comes from the heart, taking care of yourself and a conscious lifestyle, that is the selfness idea that is alive with us in the SCHWARZWALD PANORAMA. The individual health and the need to learn to perceive sources of strength for your own further development should also be part of you as our employee. We want to challenge and encourage you in your personal development and give you the appreciation that you deserve from your work. TALENT HEROES FOR RELAXATION PAR EXCELLENCE You are calm and gentleness personified, you touch people and make them shine. With the cosmetic brush you conjure up a smile on every face. Meditation and selfness are not foreign words to you. With your hands you caress the peace of mind. What you should bring with you: Appropriate training and/or certification Fun in the hotel industry and wellness Transporting our lived selfness idea Team and service-oriented work Enjoying dealing with guests and colleagues and cordial interaction Sense of responsibility, flexibility and commitment Clear head, even in stressful situations Well-groomed appearance, calm and gentle demeanor Sense of aesthetics, quality awareness and an eye for detail High degree of loyalty and discretion Positive charisma Tasks: Carrying out various massages Carrying out various classic natural cosmetic treatments Creating a feel-good and relaxing atmosphere in the premises Individual attention to guests, e.g. Type advice, attention to medical conditions, administrative and organizational tasks Processing of the merchandise management program from Micros Fidelio Implementation of (sales-promoting) wellness campaigns Monitoring of hygiene regulations APPLY TO US BECAUSE YOUR TALENT IS UNIQUE!	Wellnessmanager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:43.327000
