6021	8626	Head: in Qualification Center, Willy-Brandt-Platz 7, 68161	Willy-Brandt-Platz 7, 68161 Mannheim Start date immediately DB Cargo AG Transport professions full-time (duration unlimited) Job no. 203627 Job Ref. 177529 2 Job description As of May 1st, we are looking for you as Manager in the Qualification Center (f/m/d) for DB Cargo AG at the Mannheim location. Your tasks You assume responsibility for the implementation of all operational training and further education measures. You are responsible for the technical and disciplinary management of all trainers or examiners AB/TWb/Tf You monitor all relevant personnel key figures via the HR dashboard and ensure economic resource planning. You are responsible for regular instruction and instruction, accompanying trips, monitoring the suitability and participation in RF courses of your employees. Your personal tasks include regular employee appraisals, vacation planning and the coordination of training and further education measures. You take over the entire personnel selection process for your Team and take care of the pre- and onboarding of new colleagues You support central projects in the area of ​​qualification for the further development of company training and further education You ensure the quality of the regional qualification measures through regular shadowing and monitoring and derive appropriate measures. You will work closely with the internal interfaces and support the head of the qualification center Your profile You have successfully completed your studies, e.g. in the field of economics or logistics and transport, or you are a master craftsman in rail transport. Alternatively, you have comparable knowledge through your many years of well-founded professional experience in operational railway operations, ideally in rail freight traffic. Ideally, you are an operations officer according to EBO 47 paragraph 1, no. 4 and already have the qualifications of wagon master G, shunting attendant or the European train driver's license. The willingness to acquire missing position-relevant qualifications is a matter of course for you. You have strong management skills and are loyal. Ideally, you have some management experience and know how to motivate and lead your team. You have already gained experience in taking on projects on your own responsibility. As a true networker, you drive topics forward proactively and across interfaces. We can assume that you are proficient in MS Office. Ideally, you have basic knowledge of NAQ and have already had contact with the relevant laws in the areas of labor law, occupational safety and UVV Structured, goal- and result-oriented action, strong economic thinking and professional and binding communication with all stakeholders round off your profile Willingness to travel within the Cargo Region is no problem for you. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Operations manager - commercial	None	2023-03-07 16:02:54.883000
