7799	10404	Head waiter ? Restaurant Empire (m/w/d)	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. Plan your future with us and find new, exciting tasks in our award-winning spa hotel with international guests. Would you like to strengthen our team of motivated employees and work directly at the Hotel Victory at the Therme Erding? Are you a passionate host and love to pamper and, above all, surprise guests? Then become part of our team and enrich our team with your unique personality! The Hotel Victory Therme Erding was opened in October 2014, is directly connected to the Therme Erding and has 128 rooms in 6 room categories, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar. There are 94 more modern rooms in the Victory guest house, approx. 100 meters away from the Hotel Victory and the Therme Erding. YOUR AREA OF TASKS You look after our guests with great attention to detail and create magical moments by fulfilling personal wishes and needs and create an individual and lasting enthusiasm. Together with your teammates, you ensure a smooth workflow. You are a good host and look after our guests with a lot of charm and cordiality, always professionally. You support the restaurant manager in the management of our exclusive à la carte restaurant Empire. You have a positive charisma and are happy to pass this on to guests and colleagues alike. You are good at dealing with difficult situations and able to keep calm in moments of stress. You always do all the work that needs to be done within the team responsibly, factually correctly and on time and thus contribute to the economic success of the company. YOUR PROFILE You have an open and cordial host personality. You have completed your training and already have several years of professional experience in the catering trade. You have an eye for detail and communication. You have organizational talent, creativity and work in a team-oriented manner. You have very good verbal and written communication skills in German. You work independently, effectively, show initiative, are resilient and act with foresight. You have initial experience in team-oriented leadership and have organizational talent. Economic thinking and acting as well as the constant willingness to get involved in the team and to participate in the optimization of processes are a matter of course for you. WE OFFER a unique job with the opportunity to help shape a motivated team. Use of the F&B offer (benefits in kind) of our house. A wide range of further training opportunities Performance-related remuneration Flexible roster planning according to individual life plans Use of the hotel's own fitness area, discounts in over 500 hotels in DACH and other internal discounts within the hotel CONTACT Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form, by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations, to:	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:32.557000
