8242	10847	Head of Compliance (m/w/d)	Do you have experience in the compliance function of an international corporation and would you like to take on responsibility for designing a compliance management system? Then we have a job for you! For our area ?Governance, Risk Management and Compliance? we are looking for someone who strategically and operationally implements, coordinates and monitors the design of all compliance measures of the group! Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you do with us: You are responsible for the expansion and continuous improvement of the compliance management system of the Sixt Group as well as the internal compliance framework. You identify, evaluate and monitor the compliance risks and are responsible for the conception and follow-up of the implementation of suitable measures The departments You are largely responsible for the interpretation and concrete implementation of legal requirements for designated topics, in particular AML, embargoes & sanctions and anti-corruption measures. You have central responsibility for the group's whistleblower system, as well as the evaluation of compliance information and the coordination Compliance investigations You work in close coordination with the management, the legal and tax function and all operational areas of the group and are the central contact for the implementation of global compliance requirements What you bring: You have a degree in law or economics or comparable training with a legal focus and you have already gained in-depth experience in the compliance function of an international company. You have in-depth knowledge of AML, KYC, sanctions requirements and anti-corruption measures. You are also no stranger to tax and labor law issues. You have a strong understanding of processes and a high level of IT affinity, and you enjoy dealing with legal and regulatory requirements. You have ideally been able to gain experience in implementing a compliance function and already have well-founded knowledge Management responsibility You have fluent German and English skills Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. play an indispensable role	Compliance-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.006000
