7025	9630	Head of Nursing *in	We stand up for each other, give everyone the same opportunities. We show fairness both on the pay slip and between the sexes. We do everything so that you can develop freely with us. We are aware of your strengths, we promote your potential. Colleagues await you in our facilities with whom everyday work can become a joyful day. The AWO Unterfranken not only writes values ​​on the flag, but lives them every day. Our more than 3,000 employees appreciate that, who have followed their hearts and made a conscious decision to work with us! AWO care gGmbh is a subsidiary of the district association Unterfranken e. V. of Arbeiterwohlfahrt and runs the senior center in Mömlingen. The senior center in Mömlingen is a fully inpatient facility with 68 care places. As part of this permanent full-time position, you will be responsible for managing and organizing the nursing service. You are responsible for ensuring optimal care and psychosocial support for our residents. They continuously develop nursing care and advise residents, relatives and carers extensively. You lead, coordinate, motivate and support the nursing staff and their further development. You recognized yourself in our introductory text and could imagine being a part of the AWO. Bearing responsibility is not a burden for you, but a condition and joy. You are an organizational talent and a doer with strong nerves. You are qualified according to AVPfleWoqG for the position of nursing service manager. You are a warm-hearted leader with an appreciative, situational leadership style. Still uncertain? Take our express aptitude test: I want a job, not just a job. I give a lot and from the heart - I wish for appreciation. Even if money isn't everything: I want a fair, reasonable salary. I appreciate allowances and grants. Of course it's for the good of the association. But I also want my personal goals to be supported, e.g. with financed further education and training. I love my job... but I also have a personal life! I want to be supported in reconciling both, e.g. with flexible working time models and childcare offers. Did you check several points at once? Then we have to get to know each other.	Head of Nursing	None	2023-03-07 16:04:57.805000
