6166	8771	Head of department (f/m/d) road construction and operation (engineer specializing in civil engineering)	The town of Meerbusch (approx. 58,000 inhabitants) lies in the unmistakable landscape of the Lower Rhine. Good conditions for families with children as well as leisure, cultural and recreational opportunities, a colorful club life and Rhenish customs, urban flair and rural greenery ensure the right mix and make Meerbusch an attractive city with a high quality of life.
  In the course of an age succession, the full-time position of the
Head of department (f/m/d) road construction and operation
  (Engineer specializing in civil engineering)

  to be filled within Department 5 - Streets and Canals.

The department is responsible for the planning, construction, maintenance and operation of public traffic areas and engineering structures as well as the tasks of the road traffic authority.
Your tasks are in particular:
Management and control of the department with a total of 14 employees,
 Independent project management of larger urban civil engineering measures including third-party measures,
 Development, implementation, updating and regular review of a local sustainability strategy for approx. 190 km of urban roads and approx. 140 km of economic routes,
 Planning and control of the annual budget with corresponding budget responsibility,
 Representation of the construction measures in citizens' meetings and political committees as well as the department in internal and external working groups.

Our requirements:
Completed diploma, bachelor's or better master's degree in civil engineering,
 Alternatively, at least qualification for career group 2, 1st entrance office (former higher technical service) or preferably qualification for career group 2, 2nd entrance office (major state examination for the higher civil service),
 extensive experience in construction and project management as well as experience in dealing with road planning issues,
 at least 5 years of professional experience in the field of civil engineering,
 thorough knowledge of administrative processes,
 ideally management experience, digital competence and confident handling of specialist procedures,
 Strong ability to work independently and in a structured manner
 Very good organizational and control skills
 Convincing personality with a confident demeanor and very good communication skills, both in dealing with employees and with internal and external customers,
 high resilience and conflict resolution, team spirit and empathy,
 Initiative, negotiation skills, flexibility, ability to cooperate, persuasion and assertiveness,
 pronounced service and customer orientation,
 Class B driving license with the willingness to use the private vehicle against reimbursement of costs for official purposes if necessary.

We offer:
an interesting, varied and permanent job in a medium-sized municipality with around 700 employees,
 a pleasant working environment in a competent team that attaches great importance to the professional development of the work,
 currently a salary up to salary group 13 TVöD or salary group A 13 LBesG; Depending on personal skills and performance, the position may be raised up to pay group 14 or pay group A 14, as well as a skilled worker allowance for employees covered by collective bargaining agreements.

 in the case of special personal achievements, an annual performance fee and an additional pension,
 flexible working hours without core times amounting to 39 hours per week for employees covered by collective agreements or 41 hours per week for civil servants,

 a company health management with many different offers as well as the usual social benefits of the public service.

     With reference to the regulations of the LGG and the SGB IX, applications from women and severely disabled people are welcome. Part-time employment may be possible as part of job sharing, but full-time employment is the goal.
  The head of department 5, Mr. Daniel Hartenstein, is at your disposal as a contact person, also in the run-up to a possible application.
  Please send your application with the usual documents by March 29, 2023 to the


 City of Meerbusch · The Mayor

online at
jobs.meerbusch.de	Head of department	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.749000
