8189	10794	Head of HR / Personnel (m/f/d)	My little gang used to be a pizzeria and is now igniting into a real ?StartUp rocket? the food industry. Our mission is to revolutionize the TC industry. We think every chest at home has the right to really great frozen pizzaaAH! made in Giessen. We know 100% where our products come from and stand for open communication both internally and externally. Everything we do, we try to do with little ecological footprint and to do 396% passion. ?Head of HR/ Human Resources? (m/f/d) Hey future management HR/ HR, what's up? Shadi here ?? Buck a part of the ?Tk - PizzaaAH! - Revolution? to be? We want you in our igniting rocket gang as ?Head of HR/ Personnel (m/f/d)?, because you can join our team promptly and quickly understand what our values ​​are and where the mission is going (namely to veeeryAnz obeeeeeeeen). You understand the importance of and behind each individual work step and do not have to be pointed out to small things every time. That's exactly when we're looking for you full-time for our steadily growing pizza gang. A look at your future to-do list: Recruiting is the be-all and end-all - you ensure that the gang always has enough members You maintain the data of all employees in our HR tools You determine the personal development of each individual gang member in mind and supports them. It's all about the mindset! You always have the personnel requirements of tomorrow, the day after tomorrow and in 35 weeks on the screen and coordinate them You know exactly when it is necessary to look for new band members and how we approach them You are responsible for ensuring that all employment contracts are in tip-top order and up are up to date you are in all matters relating to human resources in external communication (StB & offices) Between all the growth you keep a close eye on budgeting and keep to it You accompany every single gang member throughout their time with us Additional features: You have worked with Shiftbase or a comparable portal before You are fit with Google Workspace (e.g. Docs, spreadsheets, etc.) You are flexible and not stuck in fixed structures You are good at dealing with a wide variety of personalities Humor, positive beliefs as well Motivation and enthusiasm You can motivate yourself and others infectiously You are a real team player with a good deal of fun at work You always give 100% and you are a full team member of the pizza gang Our additional features: Boredom was yesterday, with us today is tomorrow. Sometimes also the day after tomorrow A gang that couldn't be more different. But one thing unites us all: we want the TC revolution together! Be part of a very fast-growing start-up that recognizes your work and performance Have you ever had our frozen pizzaaAH! tried? Of course there are. keen to be there? Then hit the keys right now and send us your application including your CV and certificates. Just everything cool what you have done so far. A small side note: We like unusual subject lines ??	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:07:20.543000
