8179	10784	Head of SAP Competence Centre (m/f/d)	We are looking for the Head of the SAP Competence Centre (m/f/d) who will ensure the smooth running of our accounting and controlling system and thereby support the SIXT business and our dynamic expansion into new markets, technologies, and new products.   The SIXT SAP system is the primary tool for Accounting and Controlling and also covers several Treasury processes.  It is an on-premise system running the accounting and controlling modules.  It constitutes the primary tool for International Accounting, the SIXT Shared Services Center, and the Controlling department.  In addition, it supports the Treasury department.  Almost all posting data is received from numerous operational systems which are interfaced with the SIXT SAP system.  At the same time, SAP provides data in real time for downstream reporting functions.  All integration aspects as well as the maintenance of up- and downstream interfaces are handled by the SAP CC.  The SAP CC services its customers in the Accounting, Controlling, and Treasury departments in all matters relating to the SIXT SAP system and its associated interfaces.  It provides automated, efficient yet pragmatic solutions solidly build on technical and professional excellence.  The SAP CC puts the customer first and consistently meets the SIXT requirements of innovation, advanced technology in its dynamic response to ever-changing requirements.   Do what you love: You are responsible for leading and developing the SAP Competence Centre and the related SAP team both with regards to technology and business processes  You will manage the development of our SAP ERP system (ECC 6.0, FI/CO/FSCM-IHC)) and the interfaces between SAP and the SIXT up- and downstream systems which are custom-built and third-party)  You will be first point of contact for your customers solving IT as well as business process issues involving the SAP system and adjacent systems  You will define, implement, optimize, and further automate SAP solutions for existing and new business processes as directed by the SIXT business and as devised and proposed by you  You strongly collaborate and manage business and operational teams, both nationally and internationally  You will play a key role in developing the business case for the SIXT ERP Cloud migration from a technical and business process point of view.  In this context you will prepare the migration of the SIXT SAP CC to a Cloud ERP competence center Come as you are: You hold a degree in Computer Sciences or Economics or an equivalent  You have profound practical experience with SAP ERP in Finance and Controlling over many years as an SAP consultant with extensive hands-on experience also beyond the modules in use at SIXT, preferably in mobility or a related area  Your SAP competence ideally extends to hands-on experience with S/4 HANA in FI/CO Your excellent conceptual skills and structured approach to complex problems will enable you to devise pragmatic, efficient solutions fully meeting the dynamic requirements of the SIXT business  You are experienced in leading large complex projects that require you to coordinate teams from different areas both from IT and the business.  As a project lead you communicate goals and expectations clearly; your projects are delivered always on time and in budget You communicate in both German and English fluently Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as the gaming area, the SIXT soccer team or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Inst	General Manager/in (Gastronomie)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:19.321000
