7582	10187	Head of Rank / Service (m/w/d)	Lindner Hotels AG is a family-run hotel company based in Düsseldorf and has a portfolio of over 30 hotels in seven European countries. The group offers two high-quality hotel brands under one roof: The classic brand Lindner Hotels & Resorts stands for individual business and resort hotels that are committed to all-round service for the guest. The me and all hotels brand, founded in 2015, relies on boutique character, technical finesse and local events in central city locations with individual design and casual flair. Not only our guests, but also our employees should feel comfortable with us. We are therefore proud to be one of the kununu Top Companies 2022 (Germany's largest employer rating portal). Our hotel: Spaces - for congresses, conferences, meetings & events! On the edge of Höchst's half-timbered old town near the Höchst industrial park, the Höchst Castle and the Centennial Hall, just 100 meters from the beautiful banks of the Main, the Lindner Congress Hotel inspires its conference guests with a tasteful design, fantastic event options, the latest conference and communication technology and original gastronomy in the Bavarian style. The excellent connection to all important transport hubs and public transport ensures flexibility for every occasion. The business and leisure opportunities in the hotel and the adjoining exclusive apartment buildings make it an attractive and comfortable location for Frankfurt visitors and boarding house guests. Working and living in the heart of Frankfurt Höchst! To support our service team, we are looking for a Chef de Rang immediately or by appointment. Our benefits: Shortened trial period of 4 weeks Unlimited contract Free parking space Free provision of work clothes Favorable overnight rates for you, your family and your friends in all Lindner Hotels & Resorts as well as me and all hotels Anniversary and special bonuses Corporate benefits? Discounts at over 1000 well-known companies Continuous employee development through a wide range of training opportunities Games, fun and lots of new knowledge through our e-learning tool Salary: EUR 34,056 gross/year The tasks: advising and looking after the guests in our restaurants and the event area in early or late shift Professional serving of food and drinks Preparation of the daily mise en place Professional host for our international guests Handling of guest complaints Compliance with HACCP guidelines The profile: Completed vocational training in the hotel or catering industry and at least 2 years of practical experience in the field of F&B Ability to work in a team and enthusiasm for individual service A positive basic motivation and good communication skills Want to work in a motivated team High guest and service orientation Willingness to work, flexibility and having fun not ?9 to 5? to work German and English skills	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:05.943000
