7645	10250	Head Animator m/w/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Your tasks As head animator you will develop and plan new animation concepts and exercise programs for children and adults and thus ensure the entertainment of large and small guests through playful and creative organization of the stay. The organization and implementation of special events such as treasure hunts, themed events, scavenger hunts, etc. are also part of your tasks. You lead our Tropino team and train your employees on current topics. Independent coordination of minor repairs as well as checking the cleanliness of the children's club and regular reporting to the supervisor is part of your job. What we expect from you Education: Completed training in a profession in the leisure industry or a similar activity Experience: At least 3 years of management experience, available in various holiday resorts Personal skills: Outstanding skills in dealing with children, teenagers and adults and fun working with children Personal requirements: Fitness trainer B and C license, and others an advantage You have the spirit to constantly want to develop and improve yourself Personal characteristics: Friendliness, positive charisma, team player and motivation as well as fun working with children, young people and adults , Empathy Dynamic, creative and innovative personality, ability to take criticism, sense of responsibility and commitment, flexibility and resilience Legal requirements: Due to dealing with children, an extended certificate of good conduct is a basic requirement for employment Language skills: Very good manners and communication skills in German and English Employee benefits We would like, that you are motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling: A unique place to work.	Animator - Leisure	None	2023-03-07 16:06:13.685000
