9555	12160	Head of Digital Consulting (m/w/d) Berlin	-What you do with us-





· You will assume overall business and personnel responsibility
for the cross-location Competence Center Business Consulting (P&L
responsibility) as well as the expansion of the team through the acquisition of
Business consulting and e-commerce projects for new customers and
Existing customers of diva-e.
· You are the contact person and "Senior Advisor" for digital
Questions and challenges at the C-level of our customers
which medium-sized and large international B2B and
B2C companies belong. Coordination and coordination with relevant
Business partners, internal interfaces and sales also belongs
to your tasks.
· As Head of Business Consulting, you are responsible
complex projects from development to holistic implementation
of strategies and concepts for digitizing the customer interface
(e.g. digital transformation of customer-oriented departments
(marketing and sales), multi-/omni-channel and e-commerce approaches).
You are also responsible for the management and coaching of the
Business consulting teams for methodical procedures and implementation
of projects. The personal development of team leaders and consultants
is also in the foreground.
· You take over the content development and positioning
of business consulting in the overall context of diva-e and are a thought
Leader for digital transformation topics, changes from
business models and omni-channel topics.
· The regular control and review of profitability (e.g.
Utilization), service and consulting portfolio you take over as well as them
Development of action plans and support of sales in
customer projects and offers.

-when you fit in with us-




· You are a team player because you believe that the team
can achieve more together. One for all, all for one - that is
your motto and ours.
· You're also a full-blooded consultant who uses his strengths in the
Acquisition and implementation of projects plays to its full potential. in doing so
you have at least 10 years of professional experience in strategy/business
Consulting or a comparable position such as B. In-house consulting
o. ä and a successfully completed Master's or MBA degree in
Business administration or similar or a comparable qualification.
· You also have in-depth knowledge and project experience in the following areas
Areas: digital strategy, especially with a focus on digitization
of marketing and sales, digital business transformation, conception
of e-commerce platforms, omni-channel strategies, direct-to-customer
Business models, CRM and marketing automation. Also terms like
Operating model or marketing tech stack are not for you
foreign words.
· Your belief is that a well thought out and
implementation-oriented strategy the development of digital platforms and
processes better.
· You have a sustainable network of relevant decision-makers
and enjoy building it up step by step. owns
you not only have extensive industry and market knowledge, you are also
familiar with the latest digital trends and technologies.
· You are a valued contact person at C-level and
master every handling safely. You are excellent at it
Communication and presentation skills in German and English
show.
· As an inspirational, forward-thinking leader who
You support the team personally and in terms of content and develop it forwards, you act
you as a strategic, analytical and creative thinker and are in the
Able to convince others of your ideas and concepts.

-Your advantages-




·	Business economist (technical school) - e-business	None	2023-03-07 16:10:08.052000
