8024	10629	Helper - quality assurance - service - automotive industry	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Visual inspection hero - quality assurance fairy - service assistant! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and support our well-known customer, the quality service provider in the automotive and supplier industry, as an assistant in various areas of quality assurance and service processes. Your task:   You will be employed in the working environment of a well-known company and support the various shifts in quality assurance, in service processes and in vehicle preparation. Your activities:   Inspections according to visual inspection catalogue, quality controls, camouflage and unmasking work on vehicles, checking and sorting of components, packaging work, inspection of pallet goods, monitoring of regulations and documentation, vehicle preparation and vehicle movements. Your profile:   Valid category B driving license is an advantage You are service-oriented and reliable Good eyesight Very good understanding of quality Responsible handling of high-quality vehicles Well-groomed appearance and good manners Good knowledge of German, spoken and written Interested in a long-term job   We offer you:   An interesting, varied & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift models from Monday to Friday A long-term commitment Various employment models Compatibility of family & work A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: grants to travel expenses or a monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training and capital-forming benefits, holiday and Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Takeover option by our customers Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already warming up the tires and looks forward to receiving your application!	logistician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:00.341000
