7844	10449	Helper (m/f/d) park maintenance	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/ Genussmacher- Werden These exciting tasks await you: You take care of the repair work on benches, tables, aisles, upholstered furniture as well as privacy and sun protection You maintain the designed and installed decorations in the park. This also includes knotting and braiding ropes or cords     You are responsible for repairs to our sanitary facilities and replace light bulbs and defective sockets     You fix any blockages that occur in the toilet facilities     You are also responsible for the control and maintenance of our heating systems     You check and document the meter readings of our oil, gas and water levels     Last but not least, you coordinate and accompany the emptying of our grease separators You inspire us:     You have already worked as a caretaker and bring experience in the areas of electricity or gas/water installations    You see yourself as a service provider and are used to working independently     You are able to work at heights on ladders or climbers and have technical skills     You appreciate working in the open air and enjoy physical activity     You are stress-resistant and flexible What you can look forward to:     An hourly wage from the age of 13? per hour as well as Sunday and public holiday supplements     A job on a seasonal basis full-time with plannable working hours     Initially limited with the aim of becoming permanent     A job ticket, a cheap employee restaurant and a selection of free drinks and fruit     Numerous benefits such as free tickets for Phantasialand and discounts with cooperation partners Contact Kerstin Westhaus Phantasialand ? Team Recruitment  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Brühl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	caretaker	None	2023-03-07 16:06:38.185000
