8436	11041	Helper (m/f/d) warehouse for our sales stands	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/Genussmaker-become These exciting tasks await you: You take care of the acceptance of the delivered goods You inspect and check the delivery notes you have with you You unpack, pack and, if necessary, repack the goods as well as the comparison of the order data     You will also take care of the provision and distribution of the goods to our sales stands     You are the contact person for our salespeople (m/f/d) regarding the stocks     You will also carry out inventories and hygiene checks This will inspire us:     Ideally, you will already have experience in of warehouse logistics     You have a category B driver's license     You are motivated and like to lend a hand     You have organizational talent and always keep an overview even in stressful situations     You are physically resilient, like working in a team and have a careful way of working     You are communicative and helpful You can look forward to:     A performance-related salary as well as bonuses on Sundays and public holidays     A full-time job with plannable working hours     The prospect of long-term employment     A job ticket, an inexpensive staff restaurant and a selection of free drinks and fruit     Numerous benefits such as free tickets for Phantasialand Contact Kerstin Westhaus Phantasialand ? Team Recruitment  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Brühl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	logistician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:50.793000
