7706	10311	HENRI Brands Operation Manager	HENRI HOTELS THERE?S NOTHING LIKE HENRI HENRI Hotels are urban boutique hotels with that certain something: genuine hospitality meets retro chic. A home for the moment. A place to calm down? a place of retreat from the hustle and bustle of the big city, where you can let go of everything. HENRI Hotels ? Always in the heart of the city and on the pulse of what's happening: With individual style and an authentic look, HENRI is at home in selected metropolises. The incomparable flair attracts individualists as well as business travellers. Incidentally, HENRI allows a wide variety of people to meet each other every day: Urban Citizens, Business People and City Tourists. See you at HENRI! Born out of tradition, aligned with the spirit of the times, the HENRI hotels are at home in urban locations in European metropolises. Do you offer guests a home like with good friends? with an individual ambience and high-quality equipment. The four hotels are complemented by the HENRI Country House in Seefeld. A successful concept in a new environment with traditional roots in the region. Through the generations, HENRI guests have one thing in common: the search for something special beyond the mainstream. EVERY JOB SHOULD BE A HENRI JOB You will support the further development of the HENRI Hotels brand from an operational perspective. You transport our brand promise into the operational processes of our resorts. You define and oversee the processes for the implementation of our brand content. You are responsible for quality management in the operational processes in cooperation with the hotel managers and the specialist departments. You design and implement integrated projects and concepts for the brand experience of HENRI Hotels. You report regularly directly to the management of Brand Experience Objectives & Key Results. You promote learning and the exchange of the necessary measures between the hotels and the specialist departments. ARE YOU IN THE MOOD FOR HENRI? You have gained sustainable operational experience in the hospitality industry. Having an understanding and experience of brand experience topics is a plus, but not a must. You possess strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously from start to finish. Your analytical skills are very strong. You have already gained experience working with senior management and in a highly cross-functional environment. You have the ability to organize content and provide direction when things are unclear. You can express yourself well both in writing and verbally. FROM HENRI FOR YOU HENRI is looking for long-term: That's why there is a permanent employment contract HENRI loves leisure: 5-day week with detailed time recording HENRI likes to travel: That's why there are travel discounts for family members and friends in all HENRI hotels, aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts , the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel Neptun and he has agreed discounts with other partners HENRI plans ahead: With the company pension scheme, he is already thinking about tomorrow HENRI health is important: That is why HENRI has free supplementary company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses trains: The internal training and further education program has the right training available for everyone HENRI continues to develop: A strong family behind you offers opportunities for further development in Germany, Austria and Switzerland HENRI looks forward to new friends: Recommendations are rewarded HENRI likes to shop: With its Bonago-Card from more than 200 premium partners as well as corporate benefits with the best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers HENRI likes to celebrate: You can look forward to team events with fun, jokes and dollery Any questions? No shyness. Write us! Tell us what you have done professionally so far and what experience you bring with you. APPLICATION? AS SIMPLE AS HENRI! CV + love letter, selfie, video ? Whatever you like ? send it to us! Tell us who you are and what you can do. Your contact person: Henri HENRI Hotels Am Kaiserkai 69 20457 Hamburg Email: jobs@henri-hotels.com www.henri-hotels.com	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:21.188000
