9439	12044	High-frequency engineer amplifier design and (f/m/d)	You are an enthusiastic HF developer and are dying to contribute your skills to the development of innovative products. At Brunel you will develop car antenna systems together with your team. For this demanding task we are looking for you as a high-frequency engineer for amplifier design and development.

Job description:
• Amplifier design (LNA) and development, especially for the frequency ranges AM/FM/DAB/TV 150 kHz–1.5 GHz and GNSS/SDARS/WLAN/C2X 1.5 GHz–6 GHz• Concept definition of antenna amplifier systems for automotive applications • Product support in the concept and prototype phase up to the transition to series production• Development-related and customer-related amplifier measurements• Construction of prototypes• Use of circuit simulation tools (ADS)

Your profile:
• High-frequency engineer (TU/Uni/FH) with sound professional experience in amplifier design, especially for AM/FM/DAB/TV• Experience in antenna amplifier development and antenna development for use in the automotive industry• Good knowledge of spoken and written English• Independent work and teamwork

We offer:
With us you will work for an unlimited period and in a permanent position. In addition, we offer you an in-house collective agreement that is tailored to the salary structures of the various professional groups and rewards qualifications and professional experience. In addition to the collectively agreed social benefits of an expanding company, we offer you the opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally according to your individual wealth of experience.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - vehicle technology	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:53.804000
