9408	12013	HIL - Tester (w/m/d)	If you want to work with us on interesting and challenging projects in the field of geodata management and geoinformatics and are looking for an attractive and varied job, Brunel is the right place for you. With us, you will build up cross-industry specialist knowledge and thus qualify on a broad basis, independent of the industry and flexibly for your further career path. Apply today and discover the diversity of engineering with Brunel.

Job description:
- Independent development of test cases for hardware in the loop - tests - derivation of test specifications from (software) system requirements - modeling of the simulation / test environment - model-based software development - implementation of manual and automated tests on the test bench and partly on the prototype vehicle - analysis of test cases and creation of reports, close exchange with the developers - knowledge of programming and the creation of database queries - responsibility for compliance with security regulations - coordination of external participants - participation in meetings and occasional business trips

Your profile:
- Successfully completed studies in mechatronics, electrical engineering, computer engineering or comparable - Enjoyment in software development and software testing / hardware testing or automotive engineering - Basic knowledge of vehicle diagnostics - Experience with Matlab / Simulink - Ideally already contact with dSPACE, INCA, C/C++ - You speak German and English - you are willing to "think about" new technologies

We offer:
With us you will work for an unlimited period and in a permanent position. In addition, we offer you an in-house collective agreement that is tailored to the salary structures of the various professional groups and rewards qualifications and professional experience. In addition to the collectively agreed social benefits of an expanding company, we offer you the opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally according to your individual wealth of experience.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - electrical engineering	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:50.003000
