8323	10928	Hospitality specialist m/f/d - 38 hours a week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. 3 moving days per year (for the time of moving before work) A strong works council Rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week A guaranteed weekend per month Tariff partner NGG Overtime rarely occurs Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay To your tasks From street food to fast food to international and fine dining; the Tropical Islands offers a wide range of culinary delights. In our restaurants, as an assistant chef, you support our chefs in their daily challenges. You prepare menu components and do prep work. Cooking high-quality dishes paired with exceptional ingredients is your passion, quality is your middle name. Taking the HACCP guidelines into account is part of your everyday work. What we expect from you Degree: Successfully completed vocational training as an assistant cook with professional experience in the catering industry Requirements: currently valid health pass and solid knowledge of hygiene regulations (HACCP) and accident prevention Language skills: German and English Knowledge: Basic knowledge of European and international cuisine Characteristics Reliability and a high level of motivation for the job, friendly and competent charisma and service orientation Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling: A unique place to work.	Specialist - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:36.910000
