7954	10559	Host / Hostess (m/w/d) The Eatery Kitchen and Bar	Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! If you have any further questions, just give us a call: Tel. 0 69 69 77 - 12 96 or contact us by email at hr.frankfurt@marriott.com. We are happy to take the time for you! And now we look forward to your online application. Our Marriott International group, including its brands, which includes the Marriott and Sheraton brands, promotes equal opportunity and treatment and is committed to promoting a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Two brands ? endless possibilities! Your journey starts here! Two premium brands, one employer? We make it possible! With us, the Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel and the Sheraton Frankfurt Airport Hotel & Conference Center are two flagships of the international top hotel industry under one roof. 1,012 rooms spread over 2 hotels, 58 conference rooms including the largest Hotel Congress Center in Frankfurt, 3 restaurants, 2 bars, 2 lounges, 1 fitness center ? more is not possible! The only thing missing? She! Give your career wings and get started with us! Ready for take off? You can expect independent planning and implementation of all marketing activities, strategies, partnerships and marketing-related projects Designing the positioning of the house and our F&B outlets on the national and international market Independent design and implementation of public relation and communication activities Planning and implementation of online marketing activities together With the Marriott Digital Field Marketing Team, responsibility for the creation of text, images and video content for websites, social media, flyers, newsletters, etc. Responsibility and control of the image and brand perception of the company via social networks, planning and compliance with the marketing budget in consultation with the Director of Sales & Marketing Compliance, activation and assurance of Marriott Hotels & Sheraton Hotels brand standards and policies throughout the hotel Collaboration and execution of photo ? and video shootings for the hotel website, social media and brochures Taking over online guest communication in cooperation with the front desk and sales & marketing team Participation in and content creation at networking evenings and events both in the hotel and in the region You bring this with commitment and passion for Communication and marketing Social media affinity and a good feeling for new and current trends Ability to implement trends A good eye for aesthetics to create image and video content Creativity, curiosity, trend awareness and openness Business fluent German and English skills, both written and spoken Good communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal Independent and result-oriented way of working with team spirit Experience in a comparable position with very good skills in the areas of PR, social media and marketing Knowledge of common legal regulations relating to copyright and data protection Very good MS Office knowledge InDesign/ Photoshop or similar knowledge would be desirable, but not a must. We offer you a unique working environment with two premium class hotels under one roof in which you will be challenged and encouraged. Good opportunities for advancement in the house and good transfer opportunities to our sister hotels www.kununu.com Structured and well-founded training period and programs External and internal training (in-house training department) as well as language courses (German & English) Reduced employee overnight stays and F&B discounts in our more than 8,000 hotels in the Marriott Group worldwide Recognition of very good performance ( Choice: Employee of the month) Team events and opportunities to get involved in social projects Very good transport connections and parking facilities in the immediate vicinity The salary is determined by the Hessian collective agreement, which is one of the best in Germany Christmas bonus and holiday bonus above the standard tariff Travel allowance Discounted meals in our staff restaurant Possibility a company pension scheme through deferred compensation Capital-forming benefits	Hostess/Host	None	2023-03-07 16:06:51.693000
