8027	10632	Host receptionist m/f/d	Work to live or live to work? This is the most frequently discussed crucial question in our working world, which we have also dealt with. Working with us is where others go on vacation? with an excellent quality of life in the middle of the nature of the Black Forest? In the middle of life and just around the corner from Baden-Württemberg's metropolises. The perfect place for relaxed happiness for guests AND hosts. Real happiness that comes from the heart, taking care of yourself and a conscious lifestyle, that is the selfness idea that is alive with us in the SCHWARZWALD PANORAMA. The individual health and the need to learn to perceive sources of strength for your own further development should also be part of you as our employee. We want to challenge and encourage you in your personal development and give you the appreciation that you deserve from your work. The hotel and catering industry is the path you have chosen. Every day you like to take care of the well-being of the guests, that's the task of all of us in the industry? in large and small. But do you sometimes wonder what the real meaning behind it is? What's the point of it for you? What is the point of what you actually want? If that is clear to you, then let us make your visions and goals come true! If not, then let's find out together. With us in the SCHWARZWALD PANORAMA you will work in a place that combines ecology with enjoyment, rationality with heart, health with joie de vivre and competence with appreciation. But what we can achieve together with you as part of our company is much more! We want to make the world a little better, rethink it, actively shape it, question previously apparently established principles and give things a new, more valuable meaning. And for that we need you! Not necessarily because you are a genius in your field, but because you want to help shape, learn and achieve something meaningful with your work. What you should bring along: Fun in the hotel industry Team and service-oriented work Enjoys dealing with guests and colleagues and is cordial in dealings Good negotiating skills A sense of responsibility, flexibility and commitment Clear head, even in stressful situations Well-groomed appearance, cordial and communicative demeanor, good manners Open-mindedness to new things towards Quality awareness and an eye for detail High degree of loyalty and discretion Positive charisma and enthusiasm Good knowledge of English, additional foreign language skills an advantage Knowledge of Oracle Suite 8 an advantage Good knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel You can fight on several fronts at the same time, hand-in-hand work, organize helicopters, juggle numbers to attract attention, make decisions in record time, manage small crises and big loves and always radiate the calmness of a Buddha and smile? APPLY TO US BECAUSE YOUR TALENT IS UNIQUE!	receptionist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:00.705000
