7752	10357	Host service/waiter m/f/d	Work to live or live to work? This is the most frequently discussed crucial question in our working world, which we have also dealt with. Working with us is where others go on vacation? with an excellent quality of life in the middle of the nature of the Black Forest? In the middle of life and just around the corner from Baden-Württemberg's metropolises. The perfect place for relaxed happiness for guests AND hosts. Real happiness that comes from the heart, taking care of yourself and a conscious lifestyle, that is the selfness idea that is alive with us in the SCHWARZWALD PANORAMA. The individual health and the need to learn to perceive sources of strength for your own further development should also be part of you as our employee. We want to challenge and encourage you in your personal development and give you the appreciation that you deserve from your work. The hotel and catering industry is the path you have chosen. Every day you like to take care of the well-being of the guests, that's the task of all of us in the industry? in large and small. But do you sometimes wonder what the real meaning behind it is? What's the point of it for you? What is the point of what you actually want? Surprises are your elixir of life. Do you love challenges every day? whether as a plate logistician, gourmet consultant, translator, comedian, bearer of secrets, desired conductor or caring charmer. There is one thing you can always rely on: your instinct for people, service and magical moments. What you should bring along Fun in the hotel and catering industry Team and service-oriented work Enjoys dealing with guests and colleagues and is cordial in dealings Good negotiating skills A sense of responsibility, flexibility and commitment Clear head, even in stressful situations Well-groomed appearance, cordial and communicative demeanor, good manners Open-mindedness Awareness of new things and an eye for detail High degree of loyalty and discretion Positive charisma and enthusiasm Good knowledge of English, further foreign language skills an advantage You can fight on several fronts at the same time, work hand-in-hand, organize helicopters, juggle numbers to attract attention, in Make decisions in record time, manage small crises and big loves and always radiate the calmness of a Buddha and smile? APPLY TO US BECAUSE YOUR TALENT IS UNIQUE!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:26.797000
