7653	10258	Hotel manager (m/f/d)	The family-run Johannesbad Group includes the business areas of medicine, dentistry, the hotel industry as well as further education and training. Around 2,400 employees in 27 facilities are committed to this, generating sales of around 150 million euros. Starting with the Johannesbad Therme, which opened in 1964, the group is now one of the top ten rehabilitation providers in Germany. For more information visit www.johannesbad.com We are looking for a hotel manager (m/f/d) for our 4-star Hotel Ludwig Thoma and our 3-star Hotel Phönix in Bad Füssing from March 2023. We offer: A successful and future-oriented company www.johannesbad.com An interesting and varied field of activity in a collegial atmosphere Individual further training and development opportunities through training courses and support programs Individual, performance-related payment Company-wide benefits can be found here . Your tasks: Mainly responsible for the management of the two hotel operations with disciplinary management of approx. 35 employees Hosts with a hands-on mentality and role model function for the employees Ensuring the highest possible guest satisfaction Guest relations and complaint management Implementation/implementation and monitoring of all corporate guidelines/ Standards and internal processes Ensuring consistently high quality standards in all operational departments Implementation and control of the legal regulations on fire protection/health and occupational safety/youth protection Main responsibility for optimal cost and quality management Participation in the preparation of the budget and forecast/investment planning and implementation Close cooperation with the cross-company administrative departments of the company Your profile: Completed training or studies in the field of hotel/gastronomy Several years of professional experience with managerial responsibility Cordial host qualities and a commercial understanding Very good MS Office skills Very good German and English skills High level of commitment, as well as organizational talent and resilience Team spirit and Cooperation New ideas to improve quality and product development Love for the job! And now you! Show us that you fit this job. We look forward to receiving your application by email.	Manager - accommodation facility	None	2023-03-07 16:06:14.661000
