7730	10335	Housekeeping Assistant (m/w/d)	In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and has been recognized as a qualified training company by the Association of German Chefs. We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the resorts to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen the large A-ROSA team. A-ROSA ? Really mine. If you want to reach your goal successfully, you need a signpost. For us, this guide is a set of behavioral principles that regulate the daily interaction in our company. They are our promise to each other, to our guests and to everyone who works with A-ROSA. Every A-ROSA employee feels committed to these principles and implements them with passion. Through trust, transparency and professionalism, they enable their teams to achieve great results. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now! Your tasks You are the contact person for our guests and employees in the afternoon and early evening hours You take care of questions and requests from our guests (e.g. additional amenities, room furnishings, laundry service) Check the room cleaning in the event of late departures Preparing laundry and cleaning trolleys for the following day Carrying out follow-up work in the laundry Your profile Experience in the field of housekeeping and/or cleaning Confidence in using the PC A structured way of working A sincere guest and service orientation A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you convey to your guests and your Colleagues can convey communication and teamwork ability Eye and attention to detail and cleanliness Our offer A permanent employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends Travel at reduced rates to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer. In case of short-term needs, a Bonago-Card for childcare? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you We want you to come to work relaxed. Save 25 with our support ? with the NAH.SH job ticket A-ROSA employee clothing ? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Your daily well-being is taken care of in our staff restaurant A-ROMA In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and as a quali	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:06:24.109000
