8352	10957	House technician (m/f/d) focus on the opening of the Maritim Hotel Ingolstadt	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! House technician (m/f/d) focus on the new opening of the Maritim Hotel Ingolstadt Benefits for employees and family & friends in our hotels Corporate benefits for employees & trainee events Christmas bonus Company pension scheme Capital-forming benefits Maritim Academy staff restaurant Good transport links Career development Your tasks Support for the technical manager Repairs and maintenance throughout the hotel Maintenance and repair of the technical building systems Operation and monitoring of the systems (GLT) Testing according to DGUV V3 Safety tours and documentation Testing and analysis of the water treatment? Swimming pool technology Maintenance of the outdoor facilities Become part of a unique hotel project - use this great opportunity to be part of it right from the start! We are looking for dynamic employees (m/f/d) from the beginning of 2023 who can already support us in the pre-opening phase of the hotel. Start in the position of house technician (m/f/d) full-time and become part of our success story. The centrally located Maritim Hotel Ingolstadt with its congress center is conveniently located and offers you a secure job, standard pay, many perks and other employee benefits. Your profile Experience in the hotel industry is an advantage Successfully completed technical vocational training Knowledge of the applicable regulations (norms and guidelines) of the vocational training learned Fun at work, flexible and resilient Independent and careful way of working Willingness to flexible working hours in a 5-day week Good knowledge of German and English Contact For We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and look forward to receiving your application.	caretaker/technician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:40.481000
