7030	9635	Housekeeper, employee in housekeeping	The AWO district association Berlin-Mitte e. V. has been running accommodation for refugees and homeless people in Berlin since 1996. Residents are supported by a team of full-time employees and volunteers in participating in the existing structures as independently and non-discriminatoryly as possible. From now on we are looking for housekeeping staff (m/f/d) for our accommodation at Tempelhof Airport for refugees. These are positions with a weekly working time of 20.0 hours to 39 hours (part-time / full-time). The employment contract is initially limited to November 30th, 2023 with the option of extension Responsibility for cleanliness in the house Administration and issue of benefits in kind such as laundry, dishes, hygiene items Room clearance and cleaning when there is a change of residents Management of the washing machines and dryers Carrying out the laundry exchange Inventory determination and notification of requirements Ability to work independently Ability to work in a team High resilience A reliable, careful and flexible way of working Always respectful interaction in all areas Willingness for continuous further training Practical instructions for new employees, interns, etc. Assistants A commitment to and commitment to the model of workers' welfare An interesting and varied job Working in a committed, multi-professional team, collegial exchange, collegial support and supervision Individual personal and professional training Annual special payments in July and November 30 days of vacation per calendar year with a 5-day Week as well as Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve a salary according to the currently applicable collective agreement of AWO Berlin E2 an ecological mobility subsidy Applicants who are committed to the goals and principles of workers' welfare are desirable, as are severely disabled people with the same qualifications. Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application by email only to: bewerbung@awo-mitte.de with the subject: "HW" We look forward to hearing from you! If you apply, we collect and process your personal data in accordance with Articles 5 and 6 of the EU GDPR only to process your application and for purposes arising from possible future employment at the AWO Kreisverband Berlin-Mitte e.V. Your data will be deleted after six months. Further information can be found here: https://www.awo-mitte.de/index.php/datenschutz	Housekeeper (without specializations)	None	2023-03-07 16:04:58.417000
