7444	10049	Housekeeping employee m/f/d 38 hours a week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. A strong works council Duty rosters 4 weeks in advance 38-hour week One guaranteed weekend per month Tariff partner NGG Overtime is seldom Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay Your tasks As an important team member in house cleaning, you make sure that our guests are clean Feel good all around. You and your colleagues will clean the cathedral while maintaining the high standards of our house. Conscientiousness, reliability and accuracy are among your most important qualities, because even the smallest speck of dust does not go unnoticed by you. What we expect from you Professional experience: first professional experience in the field of housekeeping or building cleaning desirable Requirements: responsible behavior with an eye for detail Language skills: knowledge of German Characteristics: ability to work in a team, positive charisma, reliability and a friendly and courteous demeanor towards guests and employees Special skills: flexibility and independent working methods Employee Benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling:   A unique place of work.	Helper - Hotel	None	2023-03-07 16:05:48.969000
