8295	10900	Housekeeping employee m/f/d	We are a 4* conference, congress and holiday hotel with 284 rooms, 6 junior suites and 4000m² of conference space, various restaurants, two summer terraces and a hotel bar as well as a modern leisure and fitness area in an exclusive location. We are one of the leading congress and holiday hotels in Germany. With the A71 and A73 motorways, we are conveniently located in the green heart of Germany, in the middle of the beautiful Thuringian Forest. Is it your passion to see other people happy? Do you have a friendly and open charisma? Would you like to work where others can only go on vacation? Then you've come to the right place, we're waiting for your application, show us what you can do! Your future in our house is in your hands. We'll gladly assist you! To strengthen our dynamic team, we are now looking for a childcare worker in our leisure area. You can use it as a temporary help. You are looking for a new challenge, dealing with guests is in your blood, you have an exceptional sense of order and cleanliness, then apply to our hotel and show what you can do. Your future in our house is in your hands. We'll gladly assist you! To strengthen our dynamic team, we are now looking for a housekeeping employee. You can work full-time, part-time and as a temporary worker. Your tasks with us: ·      Cleaning of the rooms, floors and public areas ·                                                                                     Forwarding lost property to the head of department Sense of order and cleanliness Teamwork Resilience Reliability Friendly and confident demeanor towards guests and colleagues Knowledge of German is an advantage What do we offer you? · Over -tariff payment · Kost and logis (for the right -wing non -cash reference), if necessary, regulated working hours in the layer system, at least one weekend free per month (working time protection law compliant) · varied activities · When moving to Suhl: Help with the search for apartments, kindergarten and school · Opportunities for further training · Discounted accommodation at hotel partners · Free drinks (tea and coffee)	Helper - Hotel	None	2023-03-07 16:07:33.479000
