7929	10534	Housekeeper (m/f/d)	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: Ensuring and monitoring the cleaning of all guest rooms and public areas as well as in our Mangfall Spa in accordance with the quality standards Coordination and control of the employees to ensure smooth work processes Responsibility for the in-house laundry with laundry management and care Management of work clothes Training and further education of the housekeeping team as well as trainees and interns Close cooperation with the hotel manager and all other departments Administrative tasks such as duty rosters, holiday planning and daily work scheduling You have: Completed vocational training Extensive experience in an operational management function or in a comparable position in the upscale hotel industry A trained eye for details in terms of quality and cleanliness as well as a pronounced service and service orientation Hands-on mentality and a charming appearance High level of commitment, initiative and commitment Flexibility and resilience Business fluent handling of German and English Well-versed handling of MS Office and at best experience with CASABLANCA We offer you: A permanent employment contract A 5-day week Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during the breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee advantages in the house More regularly Regulars’ table away from home Discounts on corporate benefits (cross-industry discounts) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability)   We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:06:48.616000
