8030	10635	house technician (m/f/d)	Our variety of brands is colourful, our values ​​unite them: respect, honesty, love, nonchalance. They shape our understanding of service to guests and the daily interaction as a large team. This already includes around 60 employees and we are happy about every new creative head and fresh wind for a large number of ideas. We are always encouraged by our vision, which has accompanied us since the opening of our Strandhotel Ostseeblick in 1996: do the ordinary extraordinarily well so that the guest says goodbye and not goodbye. When was the last time you were really happy at work? Our Strandhotel Ostseeblick is a family-run 4? Stars ? superior ? Hotel in Heringsdorf on the island of Usedom, one of the most beautiful coastal landscapes on the Baltic Sea. We are always on the lookout for new talents who also want to experience and share family warmth, warmth and lasting joie de vivre. Working time is life time. Do you want to help? We look forward to receiving your meaningful application (online, in writing, by email). What we offer you: - a secure job in a fantastic environment - staff apartments - 13th monthly salary - 5-day week - health day & membership in the gym - team training, power briefing & individual further training - pleasant working and company atmosphere - staff meals & discounts (F&B/ Wellness) - Family & Friends rates and much more - Team-Car - the most beautiful view of the Baltic Sea far and wide Your profile You have two extremely skilled hands and you know what you are doing. You are very good at using your knowledge from your completed painting training. Your manual and technical skills are also based on completed vocational training. You are ready when others need you and work according to priorities. You never lose track, even if some tasks cannot be tackled immediately or several defects are reported at the same time. You see yourself as an important member of a team that creates beautiful moments for our guests. Your team spirit is exemplary. You are not afraid of contact with guests, can communicate well with them and act as a host. Your tasks You walk carefully through the hotel. Your 360-degree all-round view does not miss a defective lamp, a wall that needs repairing or a dripping faucet. You are responsible for maintaining and improving hotel facilities, guest rooms and public areas. Thanks to you, everything is always top and functional. Together with your team, you are the first point of contact for technical questions - for colleagues and guests - and you also take on transfer trips. You are in contact with external technicians should external support be necessary. You take care of the outdoor areas, mow smaller lawns in summer and push snow in winter. Stand-by service (remunerated) is not a foreign word for you. On some days you are also available outside of regular working hours for emergencies. Would you like to help? We look forward to receiving your comprehensive application (online, by post or by email).	caretaker/technician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:01.073000
