7581	10186	HSE-/ Safety Manager (m/w/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. Do you deal with the topics of safety and health protection in your professional life, are you familiar with the relevant management systems and can you not only identify risks in advance, but also contain them with the help of suitable measures? Then find a new job here at BELANTIS and ensure that our company remains a safe place. As a Safety Manager, you will take care of the following in your day-to-day work: The implementation of safety guidelines, prescribed by law, the BG or our parent company The assessment of work risks, monitoring of the maintenance plans for machines and systems Risk prevention by defining suitable measures The implementation and participation in internal and external audits Ensuring process flows and checking the necessary qualifications of employees Our benefits A responsible area of ​​responsibility in an extraordinary work environment with plenty of space for personal and professional development A subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription variants), Free parking, free rental bike Lots of goodies such as a free season pass for yourself, your partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? for the main meal), discounts from numerous partners, e.g. due to affiliation with a tourism company on trips or leisure & events Your benefits Degree (e.g. as an industrial engineer) or professional experience in a position comparable to the position Safety and health certificates, e.g. as a specialist for occupational safety, ISO 45001, HSE officer Self-employment, sense of responsibility, business administration Mindset Conceptual strength, analytical thinking, solution-oriented mindset Good communication skills in German and English Ready-to-use knowledge of Office 365 (especially Teams, Word and Excel), ideally first experience with Quentic, Worldlex, etc. Your adventure A permanent employment contract as a safety manager in the BELANTIS Your working hours You spend most of your time in our management building and the park here in Leipzig as part of a contract with flexitime and an annual working time account Your remuneration  Fixed salary (extra-tariff) on a negotiable basis  Working methods & team You are the staff of our managing director and a sparring partner for our directors, the occupational safety committee, the external fire protection officer, our paramedics, the HR department and other colleagues (also in English) You can start immediately Convinced? Then apply with your CV, your certificates and your salary expectations. Our application process usually consists of a personal interview on site. If you have any questions, please contact Marlene Woloszyn, Senior Manager HR (Phone / Whatsapp 0151 147 301 09 or personal@belantis.de). Already knew? We are part of the Amazon / YouTube series "Amusement Park Heroes". For example, do you want to get an idea of ​​how our technicians work? Then take a look! Amusement park heroes on YouTube	Engineer - Construction	None	2023-03-07 16:06:05.821000
