8546	11151	Human Resources Clerk (m/f/d)	We, the 3C Group, are a powerful furniture manufacturer with our own production facilities in Europe, which operates on the international market. With our company headquarters in Wiedenbrück, we are deeply rooted in the furniture region of Ostwestfalen-Lippe.

Are you enthusiastic about your job? Then you are exactly right with us. We, the 3C Group, are committed to a corporate culture that relies on the ideas of our employees. We expressly motivate you to develop new concepts as a team. We create a climate in which the expert knowledge of our employees is recognized and the focus is on the joy of result-oriented work. This is the only way we can continue to act as a powerful furniture manufacturer.

If we can win you over, you will be employed in a company that combines down-to-earthness with cosmopolitan and extensive action.

To strengthen our team, we are looking for a part-time employee to start as soon as possible:

Human Resources Clerk (m/f/d)

Your tasks

General administrative tasks within HR management and payroll
- Creation of documents, employment contracts, references, etc.
- Support of the Payroll in administrative matters
- Administrative tasks in applicant management
- Accompaniment of entry and exit processes Creation of job descriptions, statistics and reports Further development and optimization of HR processes Support in the field of personnel marketing and personnel development Support with projects

your profile

Completed commercial vocational training with further training as a personnel specialist (m/f/d), or comparable
Ideally instructor aptitude certificate
Sound professional experience in the field of Human Resources
Good knowledge of labor, tax and social security law
Very good knowledge of Datev Lodas
Confident use of MS Office
Experience with human resource management systems
Very good knowledge of spoken and written German
High social skills, strong communication skills and initiative
Very good team-oriented way of working
The willingness for continuous training
Trust, reliability and holistic thinking complete your profile

your benefits

 The start: Individual onboarding throughout the company and training / familiarization with the tools used

Corporate culture: A relaxed but at the same time extremely professional working atmosphere, with creative freedom for your own ideas
Humanity: We maintain an interaction that is characterized by respect and mutual respect. Flat hierarchies, unbureaucratic cooperation - that is what distinguishes our house
Feel-good atmosphere: A modern ambience with contemporary workplaces and the right tools
Work-life balance: As a family-friendly employer, we attach great importance to a healthy balance between career and private life (childcare, flexible working hours)
Attractive events: We celebrate successes with our employees that would not be possible without them
Meals: Weekly fresh fruit and vegetables in winter, as well as daily free tea and coffee specialties and different types of water, allowance for the daily lunch in our bistro
Flexible work location: We give you the opportunity to occasionally work from home
Health promotion: You spend a good part of your life at work, we do our part to ensure that you stay healthy and fit (company health programs and pension schemes)
Consistency: We rely on a long-term relationship with our employees, because only a well-rehearsed team delivers top performance
Further training and coaching: Your ideas are our capital
Mobility: We offer bike leasing

Interested?:
Then send us your informative application documents using our application form.

3C Holding Ltd
Ms. Veronica Horsthemke
3C Holding Ltd
At Jägerheim 1C
33378 Rheda-Wiedenbrück
bewerbung@3c-gruppe.de
05242 / 9309-907	Personnel Administrator	None	2023-03-07 16:08:04.397000
