3505	6110	Industrial engineer - purchasing, construction work, investments	About Heraeus:
Solutions from the Heraeus Group ensure faster internet, rid water of germs and get hearts beating in the right rhythm. As a widely diversified and globally leading technology and family company, we combine material expertise and technology leadership and create a wide variety of products that all have one thing in common: world-class quality. Together we shape the future and ensure innovations in the fields of environment, electronics, health and industrial applications. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family companies in Germany and employs around 16,200 people in 40 countries.

Strategic Buyer Indirect (m/f/d)
Location Hanau
Indefinite
full time
With your assignment as a Strategic Buyer (m/f/d) Indirect, you can actively influence and ensure the security and efficiency of the Heraeus infrastructure in the Rhine-Main area through the commercial handling and implementation of complex construction and infrastructure projects.
You coordinate tenders and contract processing and thus act as a link between the project management and the external partners.
You are also responsible for the supplement management of complex construction supplements.
You digitally and transparently document the allocation and decision-making processes in compliance with global purchasing guidelines.
In cooperation with interdisciplinary teams, you will actively design product group strategies for the area of ​​technical facility management and also support cross-location purchasing activities as part of product group management.
 
Successfully completed bachelor's degree, e.g. B. industrial engineering, and several years of professional experience in the purchase of construction services and investments
Ideally experience with modern purchasing concepts, e.g. B. Partnering
Very good knowledge of the tendering and awarding of construction services according to VOB, HOAI and other relevant standards
Secure IT user knowledge in MS Office and SAP
Team player with strong communication skills with an analytical and independent way of working
 

Strong salary package - attractive basic salary plus a variable profit-sharing bonus and promotion of private pension schemes

Modern working time organization - time sovereignty without time recording, focus on result-oriented work

Modern working environment - Ergonomic workplace with modern equipment, laptop of your choice, two additional screens, iPhone and height-adjustable tables	industrial engineer	None	2023-03-07 15:57:44.407000
