3503	6108	Industrial Engineer - Consulting Portfolio Management	About Heraeus:
Solutions from the Heraeus Group ensure faster internet, rid water of germs and get hearts beating in the right rhythm. As a globally leading family-owned portfolio company, we combine material expertise and technology leadership and create a wide variety of products that all have one thing in common: quality at world-class level. Together we shape the future and ensure innovations in the fields of environment, electronics, health and industrial applications. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family companies in Germany and employs around 16,200 people in 40 countries.

Senior Manager (m/f/d) Corporate Development & Strategy
Location Hanau
Indefinite
full time
You advise the management of the Heraeus Group on issues relating to the management of the portfolio of companies and investments and are therefore an essential part of the active portfolio management of the Heraeus Group.
You will analyze trends relevant to Heraeus and assess their impact on various Heraeus portfolio companies.
You will identify and analyze new business areas that are of interest to Heraeus as well as specific investment opportunities. They are involved in the subsequent implementation of these investments (e.g. through M&A, investments, partnerships, etc.).
You will also contribute to continuously questioning the role of the company in the existing portfolio and examining it for value maximization.
You maintain an external network of consultants and other market participants, which you actively use to generate ideas.
You contribute to the creation of value creation plans for individual portfolio companies and are involved in tracking the successful implementation of these plans.
 
Successfully completed university degree in the field of economics, industrial engineering, business informatics, natural sciences or a comparable course
Several years of experience (min. 3-5 years) in the field of strategy consulting and/or portfolio development, ideally in one of the top tier strategy consulting firms or a private equity fund
Know-how in the management of complex, strategic projects
Solution- and result-oriented way of thinking
Excellent analytical and social skills as well as team strength and flexibility
 Strong salary package - attractive basic salary plus a variable profit-sharing bonus (up to 150% target achievement possible) and promotion of private pension schemes
Modern working time organization - time sovereignty without time recording, focus on result-oriented work
Regular time off - 30 days annual leave plus up to 6 additional days off (business closures on bridging days and between years), special leave for special occasions, life phase account for paid time off (e.g. sabbatical, early retirement)
Additional services - subsidies for public transport, discounts in many (online) shops, company medical service with comprehensive check-ups, sports facilities and staff canteen with meals freshly prepared every day
Sustainability and social commitment - sustainability as part of the corporate strategy and targeted support for initiatives in the fields of education, family and science through our own foundations	industrial engineer	None	2023-03-07 15:57:44.160000
