5105	7710	Industrial mechanic (m/f/d) - FAST TAKEOVER OPTION	BS Gottschall GmbH, your personnel expert in the region of Franconia and Hohenlohe.
As an owner-managed company, it is our aim to provide the workplace for
To find you who really suits you! We refrain from complicated
application processes and will be happy to advise you! Design your professional one too
future with us!

Our client in the Schwäbisch Hall area is one of the most innovative developers
and manufacturers in their branch and has been on the world market for many years
represent. As a forward-thinking company, prospects at all
Levels at home and abroad with personal development opportunities
given.

Industrial mechanic (m/f/d) - FAST TAKEOVER OPTION

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

* You will be predominantly involved with the installation, maintenance and upkeep of the
entrusted to machines and systems.
* In the event of error messages on the systems, eliminate the source of the error
Exchange or repair to ensure the smooth production process
ensure.
* Implementation of regular functional tests and quality controls of the
Machines and plants in the form of weekly reports, as well as the constant
Communication with superiors is also part of your area of ​​responsibility.

That's them:

* First professional experience as an industrial mechanic (m/f/d), mechatronics engineer
(m/f/d), construction mechanic (m/f/d) or similar areas of the
metal industry
* You already have experience in the field of assembly in special machine construction
collect
* Committed, flexible, willing to learn, team player
* Collaboration in a dynamic, committed and open team

Why BS Gottschall?

* The responsible and varied task in this growing
Company will motivate you.
* Look forward to an attractive workplace in a dynamic,
dedicated team.
* Benefit from an attractive salary in a modern
Work environment.
* You can expect a corporate culture in which trust, fairness,
Appreciation and team spirit are lived.	industrial mechanic	With over 20 years of experience in the industry, BS Gottschall is your contact for professional personnel services in Hohenlohe-Franconia: We bring together specialists and companies from the region!

Our connection to the Hohenlohe-Franconia region is reflected in our extensive corporate network, which we maintain from our headquarters in Crailsheim.

Anyone who applies to BS Gottschall gets direct access to our network and secures numerous attractive job offers.	2023-03-07 16:01:01.914000
