3510	6115	Informatiker - Consulting Service Management (m/w/d)	For dmTECH, the IT subsidiary of dm-drogerie markt, we are looking for a:
Technical Consultant Service Management (f/m/d)
In the dm group, we are the experts for IT-side support for all aspects of service management. We advise the colleagues in the various service teams on the efficient design of their processes. Furthermore, we ensure trouble-free operation and the constant further development of the group-wide IT service management infrastructure.

What do you do as a consultant at dmTECH? Here's a little insight.

If you would like to support our team in exciting IT projects related to service management, we look forward to receiving your application.

You don't live in the Karlsruhe region? No problem! If you are interested, it is possible to work almost exclusively remotely.
Design and support of the automation processes and interfaces around the service management platform ServiceNow
Requirements management, technical advice from our consultants as well as coordination with development and support for implementation
Ensuring and controlling an agile, customer-oriented further development of ServiceNow applications and interfaces from the conception to the qualified documentation
Administration of the ServiceNow platform
Support of release management including deployment, troubleshooting and bug fixes
 
A successfully completed degree related to IT or several years of professional experience in the IT environment
Experience in the administrative handling of IT platforms (preferably ServiceNow) is an advantage
Affinity for agile software or web development, ideally basic knowledge of JavaScript
Basic knowledge of cloud systems and network administration desired
Independent and systematic way of working as well as a strong ability to work in a team and humor
Target group-oriented communication in German (at least C1)
 

Attractive working conditions: With flexible working hours and mostly mobile work, a 37.5-hour week and 30 vacation days, we enable a good work-life balance.

Modern company headquarters: Bright office space, height-adjustable tables, the latest technology and a staff restaurant - our dialogicum offers ideal conditions for your working day thanks to innovative equipment and intelligent concepts.

Optimal transport connections: Located in the immediate vicinity of the motorway, an S-Bahn station and the Durlach DB train station, we are very easy to reach by car and train. There is also a free parking garage and a bicycle garage, each with electric charging stations.

Dialogical corporate culture: Our working group is characterized by mutual exchange at eye level, dynamism and flat hierarchies. A central component of our culture of cooperation is personal responsibility.

Participation and development: Everyone can get involved and contribute to advancing topics. We offer a wide range of further training opportunities for your personal and professional development.

Further advantages and additional services: Benefit from further services such as e.g. B. Employee discount, bicycle (job bike) and IT leasing, holiday and Christmas bonuses and company pension schemes.


CONTRACT TYPE
Full-time, unlimited, starting immediately	Computer scientist (university)	None	2023-03-07 15:57:45.020000
