3525	6130	Informatiker - Quality Management, Digital Focus, AI (m/w/d)	Oh, they are...
The VDE, one of the largest technology organizations in Europe, has stood for innovation and technological progress for more than 130 years. As the only organization in the world, the VDE combines science, standardization, testing, certification and application advice under one roof. The VDE mark has been synonymous with the highest safety standards and consumer protection for more than 100 years. We are committed to the promotion of research and young talent and to lifelong learning with further training opportunities "on the job". More than 2,000 employees at over 60 locations worldwide are involved in the VDE network, more than 100,000 voluntary experts and around 1,500 companies are shaping a future worth living in the VDE network: networked, digital, electric. We shape the e-dial future. www.vde.com

We are looking for one at the Offenbach am Main location
Quality Management Professional with Digital Focus / Al (m/f/d)
Location: Offenbach am Main
Work experience with work experience
Contract period: unlimited

Topic development - Together with your teammates and innovation partners from research and industry, you will develop new solutions in the areas of quality and authenticity. This includes ongoing projects in which the VDE leads publicly funded consortia, for example to develop an interdisciplinary framework for AI training data quality and to develop a standardized approach for verifying the authenticity of products.

Networks and stakeholder involvement - You build scalable networks of companies, research, users and civil society. They contribute to the goal-oriented involvement of stakeholders, so that project results are widely shared and continued. You will work on both content and methodological challenges and contribute your specific quality management perspective.

Business development - You will be involved in the medium-term development of commercial potential of projects and topics in order to generate resources for future innovations.

Project responsibility - You develop viable solutions, manage their validation and represent them externally, for example to project partners or political and business representatives, as well as internally to colleagues from all areas of the VDE Group.
 
You are a pioneer who enjoys digital transformation. You counteract resistance with perseverance and your enthusiasm for constant change.
You have successfully completed your studies and have acquired a wide range of subjects - also beyond technical and scientific topics. In particular, they have theoretical and practical knowledge of quality assurance and management and are able to transfer this to new digital contexts.
You have proven your ability to familiarize yourself quickly and happily with a variety of new topics - also beyond your previous field of experience. Industrial experience in the private and/or public sector is a plus.
They are familiar with relevant tools and processes, including norms and standards. Ideally, you have already worked actively in standardization committees.
You have very good knowledge of English. Part of the interview will be conducted in English.
 

Growth strategy - We offer an exciting environment with a clear growth strategy and the strategic will to advance in the areas of digitization and artificial intelligence and to become the first partner for companies, research and politics.

Personal responsibility - We offer you the opportunity to develop strategies within the framework of your own medium-term planning and to implement them successfully in a team.

Career potential - We promote your development through further training and enable you to...	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:46.875000
