163	2768	Inside Sales Agent (m/w/d)	About Us
The Ranger Group is one of the leading outsourcing service providers for B2C and B2B sales and services in Europe. With our 2,200 customer advisors at more than 150 locations, we generate over 60,000 transactions for our clients every month. Our product partners entrust us with their sales due to our highest level of quality and thus participate in our success.
Since 2017, Ranger has been part of the Ströer Group, a leading digital multi-channel media company that offers advertising customers customized and fully integrated premium communication solutions. Ströer markets and operates several thousand websites, primarily in German-speaking countries, and operates around 300,000 advertising media in the "Out of Home" segment.
With around 10,000 employees and sales of EUR 1.4 billion (2020), Ströer SE & Co. KGaA is listed in the MDAX of the German Stock Exchange.

We offer you:
You work completely independently in a real sales office atmosphere, because we are not a call center!
From shift work, dialer and call center DIRECTLY to building up your personal customer base!
Fixed working hours from Monday to Friday, family and personal working atmosphere!
In addition to an above-average fixed salary and an uncapped commission, you benefit monthly from shopping discounts (corporate benefits), a 100% reimbursed public transport ticket and tax-free benefits in kind
In order to satisfy your hunger during lunchtime in the truest sense of the word without spending half a fortune, we also offer you a subsidy for the nearby canteen!
A committed and familiar working environment in which you can develop your full potential every day at your own workplace with the help of our state-of-the-art work equipment!
In our fun room you can take a little break to clear your head between calls and start with full energy for the next call!
Lived team spirit and short communication channels - we believe in flat hierarchies, a first-name culture and appreciative communication at eye level!
Our friendly and bright location in Düsseldorf not only impresses with the optimal (public) transport connections, it is particularly exciting with free employee parking spaces or a free public transport ticket!
We not only guarantee you classic office working hours, but in addition to our structured onboarding, we also offer real development and promotion opportunities!

These could soon be your tasks:
As a talented coordinator in internal sales, you contact your existing customers and identify their current needs
Telephone acquisition instead of hours of driving? Just a phone call away: You pick up the phone directly to make satisfied existing customers even happier with tailor-made and individual advice
You actively support new cross-sell and up-sell campaigns and are also involved in market analyses, sustainable customer support and the preparation of evaluations
Last but not least, only you take full responsibility for your customers - as a real inside sales talent, you know that long-term customer loyalty is only possible with comprehensive support

What you should bring with you:
Experience in sales and support of business or private customers
Very good knowledge of German
Enjoy the daily contact with your existing customers and a lot of motivation for the sales office
Ability to work in a team, strong communication skills and good handling of MS Office	Call center agent/in	None	2023-03-07 15:50:52.468000
