6064	8669	Internship project management "Research Train Stations" (f/m/d), What	Internship project management research railway stations (f/m/d) Washingtonplatz 2, 10557 Berlin Start date immediately DB Station&Service AG IT, commercial professions, real estate, project management full-time/part-time (duration limited) Job no. 209273 Job Ref. 181309 2 Job description The product and portfolio management department in the headquarters at Berlin Central Station ensures innovative products at the station, the definition of suitable standards on site and the prioritization of business activities. Our goal is to optimally equip every station for our customers and travelers and to make it attractive. A great team, flexible workplace and working time arrangements and an exciting project await you within the department. In the project you will research intensive data on the surroundings of the station as well as existing and former station buildings. Based on the results, we would like to further improve the travel experience. The analysis of publicly accessible sources (e.g. maps and photos from search engines) will be a central aspect of your work. Of course, you can also make suggestions for optimization when researching and analyzing the data and put them into practice. If you would like to realize yourself and also get an insight into one of the largest group associations in Germany, then apply to us. We are looking for you for an internship in project management research railway stations (f/m/d) at DB Station&Service AG at the location as soon as possible Berlin. Your tasks You are an important member of the project team and work with desk research to identify stations and station buildings, independently assess the condition and collect further information You take over sub-areas within the project and work on tasks independently You create a clear documentation of the information collected, analyze the data sets and derive core statements You are involved in the optimization and structuring of the project - personal initiative and creative ideas are always welcome Your profile You are studying business administration, economics, industrial engineering, computer science, architecture or a comparable course You have spatial imagination, you can orientate yourself , reading maps and the collection and processing of data fascinated you You have a quick grasp and are able to process tasks quickly, quickly and with a high degree of reliability You enjoy researching carefully and intensively, your logical way of thinking as well as your structured, independent How you work will help you You feel confident in using the computer - basic Office applications such as MS Excel or PowerPoint do not trigger nightmares for you We do not need a cover letter for your application. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process easily online.	Specialist - market research	None	2023-03-07 16:03:00.195000
