3490	6095	Internship mechanical engineering, bioengineering - development	ABOUT US
At NanoTemper, our vision is to create a world where every disease is treatable.
Working with scientists drives us because it allows us to make a real difference in the world and make an impact.
With our biophysical tools, we aim to push the boundaries of what is possible for scientific researchers.
Our goals are ambitious - to achieve them you need innovative approaches and a strong team.

Even though we are an expanding, global company with more than 200 employees, the heart of NanoTemper beats in Munich.
This is where our story began and this is where we work as a team every day to make our devices even better.
Just 500 meters from the current company headquarters, a new headquarters is currently being built, which is geared to NanoTemper's future requirements and growth plans.

Our doors are open to talented people who are passionate about the future of scientific research and our vision.
Would you like to make a difference with your daily work and become part of our mission? We are looking forward to meeting you.
Intern development of biophysical devices (m/f/d)
Internship/work studies, full-time or part-time · Munich Together with our interdisciplinary development team, you will work on making our devices easier to produce and support our developers in the corresponding revision of our devices.

Support in the development and optimization of production processes
Taking on research tasks within the project team
Documentation of the development progress in our CAD program
Close exchange with all departments involved in the optimization (e.g.: production, quality, purchasing, etc.
 Together with our interdisciplinary development team, you will work on making our devices easier to produce and support our developers in revising our devices accordingly.

Enrolled student in the fields of mechanical engineering, bioengineering, industrial engineering, process engineering, chemical engineering or a comparable course
Interest in the topics of development production optimization
First points of contact with CAD software
At least 5 months for an internship in our development department	Engineer - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:42.553000
