8157	10762	International Quality Manager (m/w/d)	We are now looking for an International Quality Manager (m/f/d) for our Quality Management Department. We are constantly working on projects to further develop customer feedback, customer excitement, service quality and our product. To this end, we work closely with our national organizations and headquarters departments and develop and implement new concepts, processes and tools. Do you like working in a dynamic and flexible environment? Do you like to travel, both nationally and internationally? Have you already gained several years of experience in the areas of operations, project management and/or customer satisfaction? Then apply now as an International Quality Manager (m/f/d) at SIXT! DO WHAT YOU LOVE: As part of the global quality management team, you are responsible for the implementation of projects and measures to increase customer satisfaction with regard to service levels and our products. You are responsible for global projects with a focus on ?Premium Customer Experience? in cooperation with the respective country organizations You drive the further development of our existing quality tools and processes within the SIXT network You check compliance with customer-relevant processes and our CI in the SIXT stations on site? both nationally and internationally You have a strong hands-on mentality and find new ways to promote customer satisfaction and service quality in our stations COME AS YOU ARE: You already have professional experience in areas such as quality management, customer experience, and/or operations think innovatively, work autonomously and find it easy for you to prioritize complex issues and present them simply You have analytical expertise and an affinity for tools and are creative and enjoy the further development of processes and tools You have strong communication skills, enjoy working in a team and understand yourself and yourself to continuously motivate different parties - switching between German and English is not a problem for you You have very good MS Office skills (especially Powerpoint, Excel) Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: In the Customer Experience & Quality Management department, we are responsible for the quality of our global station network and customer satisfaction. We measure customer satisfaction, analyze customer feedback and derive measures to improve processes. In addition, we carry out regular checks in our stations - both nationally and internationally. The customer always has top priority - the customer is the boss! About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SI	quality manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:16.628000
