7919	10524	Intern (m/f/d) Hotel Victory Therme Erding	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. The Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in October 2014, is directly connected to the Therme Erding and has 128 rooms in 6 room categories, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar. There are 94 more modern rooms in the Victory guest house, approx. 100 meters away from the Hotel Victory and the Therme Erding. YOUR TASK Have you always wanted to be a host and do an internship in a very special hotel? Then you are right with us! Come aboard the HOTEL VICTORY THERME ERDING and embark with us on a short journey, where you will gain intensive and comprehensive insights into the colorful world of hotels and restaurants. Set sail with us and we will help you to develop a valuable decision-making basis for your future career aspirations. Whether school internship, FOS internship or study internship? Everything is possible with us! Your attitude is open and friendly, you like to communicate and would like to know how to become a thoughtful and attentive thinker? Personal service has always fascinated you and do you find it easy to approach and communicate with other people? Then an internship in hotel and gastronomy is the right thing for you! On board, we focus on a strong sense of togetherness, fun at work and individual development opportunities. We are looking for motivated and dynamic personalities who want to travel with us. YOUR PROFILE You have an open and cordial host personality who approaches our guests and our team with genuine joy and friendliness. You are characterized by a friendly and warm demeanor. You have good verbal and written communication skills in German and English or other languages. WE OFFER A pleasant working atmosphere in a unique working environment. Dynamic and motivated team. Providing comprehensive insights in many departments. CONTACT Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form, by e-mail or by post to:	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:47.396000
