126	2716	Integration specialists (m/f/d)	The city of Göttingen is a modern, citizen-oriented city administration with around 2,500 employees at the university location of Göttingen.

She is looking for three as soon as possible for the job center department, specialist service active benefits according to SGB II

Integration specialists (m/f/d).





job information





Working time + limitation:



52/1372: 39 hours/week, limited to the duration of the post holder's absence

(maternity leave and subsequent parental leave)

52/1421: 30 hours/week, limited to the duration of the job holder's absence

(maternity leave and subsequent parental leave)

52/1422: 39 hours/week, limited to the duration of the job holder's absence

(Release until November 20th, 2026)





Compensation:



EG 9c TVöD





ID:



52/1372, 1421, 1422





Application time:

March 22, 2023




contact information

Technical questions: Ms. Lucki | Phone: 0551/400-3442; Mr Nagel | Phone: 0551/400-3061; Herr Schoberth | Phone: 0551/400-4606

Questions about the selection process: Ms. Rost | Phone: 0551/400-3560





Your tasks

The area of ​​responsibility essentially includes


 - advising SGB II recipients on individual integration options, taking into account the socio-spatial resources and the will of the customer,
 - the control of the individual integration process and the selection and processing of needs-based and targeted support and integration services,
 - the creation of cooperation plans, approval of funding, documentation and data maintenance,
 - the examination and implementation of performance reductions as well as
 - the establishment and maintenance of funding networks.


Participation in working and project groups in the district of Göttingen is required as part of the performance of tasks.

your profile

you have


 - a university of applied sciences or bachelor's degree relevant to the above-mentioned tasks (e.g. social pedagogy, pedagogy, social economy, social sciences or business administration) or
 - the second employee exam.


Desirable are knowledge in the area of ​​the SGB II, coaching knowledge and knowledge of counseling methods for people in difficult life situations as well as an openness to new media.

The workplace requires communication skills, resilience, the ability to deal with criticism and conflict, the ability to work in a team, good analytical and conceptual skills, as well as initiative and independent work.

Would you like to work part-time? If so, please state the number of hours you would like and the preferred distribution of working hours in your application. We will check whether we can accommodate your request.

what we offer


 - Certified TOP employer in southern Lower Saxony
 - Flexible working conditions (flexible working hours and numerous part-time work models, home office, mobile working)
 - Life-phase conscious work environment (e.g. crèche places, special forms of leave e.g. for relatives in need of care, time off for educational leave)
 - Company health management, including courses during the lunch break and lectures
 - Diverse training programs and career opportunities adapted to the job profile


The city of Göttingen aims to ensure that the diversity of the population is also reflected in the administration. We thus recognize diversity as part of our corporate culture. Regardless of cultural and social origin, age, religion, ideology or sexual orientation and identity or disability, we welcome all talents who want to advance us. We vouch for this with our signature under the Diversity Charter.

In order to promote professional equality between women and men, we particularly look forward to applications from men. Persons with disabilities are given preferential consideration if they are equally qualified, qualified and professional.

data protection

Your documents will be destroyed after completion of the selection process in compliance with data protection regulations.	Fallmanager/in	None	2023-03-07 15:50:47.863000
