3520	6125	Internship Business Informatics - Accounting, Controlling	jobvector is the leading job market for engineers, computer scientists, doctors and natural scientists. As a dynamic and success-oriented company, we offer our customers an individual and exclusive service. We are proud to have been voted Germany's best specialist career portal by our customers several times.




Internship Accounting & Controlling (m/f/d) Design the entire cash flow process from invoicing to liquidity, budget management and cost center analysis to rolling forecasts and accounting!

Preparation of the monthly and annual financial statements in coordination with the tax office
Creation and management of liquidity and budget plans
Management and analysis of liquidity, cost centers, budgets and forecasts
Independent supervision of projects with a focus on process digitization
Preparation, analysis & controlling of company data
Processing of various questions in the accounting environment
Technical purchasing & controlling of suppliers
 
You are a student (m/f/d) in business administration/economics or a comparable subject
You enjoy working in a number-oriented manner and taking on an interface function between the individual business units
You are IT-savvy and have the ability to think entrepreneurially
Fluent German language skills are required, English language skills are an advantage

The internship takes place under the following conditions:


Start: 06/01/2023 (on schedule)
Duration: Six months (!)
Compulsory internships as part of the course are welcome. You are also welcome to do a voluntary internship with us.
 
After an induction period with training, exciting, responsible and varied tasks await you.
The opportunity to contribute your ideas.
The better you get, the more responsibility you get. You decide for yourself how far you want to develop with us.
You can expect a dynamic and committed team that is always happy to support you with any questions.
A large kitchen, free drinks & fruit, and a garden on the Düssel	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 15:57:46.258000
