3504	6109	Internship chemistry, chemical engineering - process management	About UmicoreAbout Precious Metals Chemistry
Reduce harmful emissions. Powering the cars of the future. Breathing new life into scrap metal. We are the leading circular materials technology company and fulfill our mission: "Materials for a better life". These are our ambitious goals. What do you want to move?

About Precious Metals Chemistry
Chemistry that improves our lives. Umicore is an expert in metal-based catalysts that improve our quality of life in numerous products. Exhaust technology for motor vehicles, active pharmaceutical ingredients for cancer treatment, production of fine chemicals and state-of-the-art electronics: all of this is made possible by our organometallic know-how. In order to bring the potential of our chemical products and catalysts to new customers and application scenarios, we must not stand still. We must continuously develop new methods, solutions and ideas. And that's where you come in.

Intern for Operations / Process Management (m/f/d)

Location: Hanau-Wolfgang
Documentation, collection of production data and comparison of production documents
Participation in projects in the production environment
Support in the creation of security assessments
Creation of Excel files and maintenance of these files
Interdisciplinary communication
 
You are in an advanced bachelor's or master's degree in the field of chemistry, chemical engineering, process engineering or comparable
Affinity for application technology issues
Very good knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Basic knowledge in chemistry
Fluent written and spoken German and English
Independent way of working, able to work in a team, reflected and responsible
Valid study certificate for the entire planned period of at least five to six months (this is an internship according to the study regulations)
 We want to be pioneers - not only as a partner for our customers, but also for our employees. That's why we create a collaborative environment where we can all thrive and a culture that allows for sharing ideas, developing skills and shaping careers individually. We are committed to building an inclusive work culture that provides equal opportunities for everyone - regardless of their different backgrounds. As is usual with a leading global corporation, we naturally reward your contribution with attractive benefits. And that's not all.	chemist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:44.283000
