7507	10112	Intern (m/f/d) for mandatory internship (3-6 months)	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Intern (m/f/d) for mandatory internship (3-6 months) Benefits Flexible working hours Good transport links Employee restaurant Corporate benefits Employees & trainee events Employees and family & friends rate in our hotels Health measures Staff rooms Trainees Events Your tasks You are still looking for a company for Your compulsory internship as part of your studies or hotel management school? At the Maritim Hotel Munich we offer you internships for 3 to 10 months in the following departments: Reception Reservations Event sales F & B and service kitchen Housekeeping Period: flexible Your profile You have good knowledge of German and English You have a friendly, confident and well-groomed appearance You are a passionate host Flexibility is a matter of course for you We can also provide you with a staff room on request. Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and look forward to receiving your application.	Specialist - Marketing/Sales/Distribution	None	2023-03-07 16:05:56.746000
