9406	12011	IT - Architekt Serversysteme (w/m/d)	Would you like to reach the next level in your career? At Brunel you have the opportunity to continuously develop yourself with well-known customers - across all industries. Take the decisive step in your career today and apply to us as an IT architect for server systems.

Job description:
- You take over the conceptual design of the IT and server systems - You are responsible for clarifying the requirements for the systems in close coordination with the software architecture - Taking responsibility for various topics of the IT infrastructure - Analysis of the system structures and adaptation of the systems according to the project requirements are yours familiar - you are willing to support the sales team - you are also responsible for purchasing IT systems

Your profile:
- Completed degree in (technical) computer science, electrical engineering or in another IT-oriented field of study - Relevant professional experience in a comparable position - Very good knowledge of Windows systems 8,7,2012, 2008 & 2003 - Reliable hardware knowledge in the areas of HP clients /Server/Storage, Network Cisco & RF- Reliable and goal-oriented way of working- Fluent German language skills (level C1)

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and by mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your account manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	architect	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:49.760000
