5922	8527	IT Consultant (m/w/d) Individualsoftware	IT Consultant (m/f/d) individual software - Konstanz or remote IT Konstanz or remote Do you enjoy bringing your technical expertise to bear in an agile environment and thus making an important contribution to digitization in Germany? Do you like to approach projects strategically, conceptually and with a holistic view? We are looking for creative minds to support us in the implementation of one of our digitization projects at federal level, who can take our digital administration solutions to the next level with communication skills, self-organization and a solution-oriented approach. Your tasks You enjoy acquiring technical expertise and questioning and further developing processes together with the stakeholders. With your technical knowledge, you serve as the main contact for our customers and accompany and support them strategically and conceptually in the requirements assessment, solution design and integration of new software components. In coordination with your team, you translate the customer requirements obtained into user stories. With your understanding of the needs of stakeholders and teammates, you act with passion as a link and translator. You moderate workshops and take part in committees with different stakeholders. Together with your team and the stakeholders, you create new solutions for the continuous progress of the software application. What you bring with you You have experience as a technical consultant, ideally in agile software development projects. You have a basic technical understanding and an affinity for software. You have knowledge in the field of digitization, web applications and experience in the development of concepts. As a reliable team player with a high understanding of quality, you enjoy interacting with customers and colleagues. You bring a certain willingness to travel with you. You enjoy working on complex subject areas that you think deeply about. You communicate clearly, understandably and are proactive. You have very good knowledge of German (at least C1). What we offer You are part of an exciting project in the field of digitization and can contribute your creative ideas. Your team works in close cooperation with various federal authorities on the strategy and future technical design of a modern digital administration. As part of a self-organized team, you can constantly develop yourself. You can work independently on your tasks and grow. You can arrange your working hours flexibly in coordination with your team, without core times. You can contribute your own ideas for the design of everyday work and the further development of the organization at SEITENBAU in various boards. You have short decision-making processes and a sense of belonging: At SEITENBAU you are not a lone wolf, but work in a team. SEITENBAU is an owner-managed company that has existed since 1996. At SEITENBAU, around 200 creative minds work on a wide variety of software solutions in scrum teams of around 5-10 people. Open communication, trusting cooperation and a healthy mixture of practice-proven and cutting edge - that is the credo according to which we work successfully and with fun. If you would like to learn more about SEITENBAU - from the employee's point of view - visit our Kununu page. Apply now! If you would like to find out more about SEITENBAU or have individual questions about the job offer, Denise Merkt, HR Manager jobs@seitenbau.com +49 7531 89141-32 or Christina Dreher, HR Manager jobs@seitenbau.com +49 will be happy to answer them 7531-89141-66 Kununu Top Company S E I T E N B A U GmbH Seilerstrasse 7 | D-78467 Konstanz www.seitenbau.com Have we convinced you? Then we look forward to receiving your application, preferably in our career portal. This...	Computer scientist (university)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.625000
