3554	6159	IT specialist for system integration - system administration	DENIC - WE ARE .DE
Because we are the central registry for all domains ending in .de. As the market leader in Germany, DENIC eG and its 100 employees are responsible for the technical stability of this important resource on the German Internet. By operating a global network of name servers, we ensure that 17 million .de domains are available around the clock.
As a cooperative, together with our members and other international partners, we are committed to the operation and continuous further development of the Internet. Start as soon as possible, in the heart of Frankfurt or in your home office, and strengthen our team as a


IT SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR OFFICE & DATA CENTER (F/M/D)

YOU LOVE YOUR JOB - BUT IT'S TIME FOR SOMETHING NEW?
COME TO DENIC ... WE HAVE THE TOPICS THAT MAKE YOUR IT HEART BEAT FASTER!


Take responsibility for the central IT systems of the German Internet
Break new ground, seize opportunities and exhaust the possibilities
Get to know our self-organized, cross-functional agile teams
 
You provide our employees with IT hardware (laptop, computer, mobile phone, peripherals) and advise them on IT issues.
This also includes issues such as the provision of software and the associated licenses, provision and maintenance of printers, maintenance and replacement of client systems, as well as troubleshooting and fulfilling requests that are reported via the ticket system.
You will also support the team in operating the data center infrastructure. These include activities such as
Requirements and capacity planning, monitoring and fault clearance of the hardware.
 
Ideally, you have studied computer science or have completed a comparable education in the IT field,
e.g. B. IT specialist system integration (f/m/d), or equivalent professional experience.
You have experience in supporting client systems with MacOS, Windows and Linux.
You have good knowledge of Windows server environments and extensive experience in dealing with Microsoft Office products.
Scripting with PowerShell, Bash or Python is a matter of course for you. In dealing with virtual systems and Active Directory
(Group Policies) you will find yourself again.
Automated installation and configuration management of Windows server/client systems is no stranger to you.
You are familiar with the tasks involved in operating data centers distributed around the world. We require basic experience and qualifications in the field of network technology and cabling.
You have good knowledge of German and English.
You are characterized by a high willingness to provide services, a communicative and structured way of working and a corresponding willingness to learn.
 
Good work-life balance with flextime and 30 days vacation
Centrally located workplace with extensive home office options
Continuous education and certifications
Performance-based bonuses
100% reimbursement of public transport travel expenses
Economics, accident insurance
40% subsidy from DENIC for company pension schemes
Employer subsidy for fitness center and job bike
Coffee and tea flat rate	network administrator	None	2023-03-07 15:57:50.449000
