8125	10730	IT Supervisor (m/w/d)	Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! If you have any further questions, just give us a call: Tel. 0 69 69 77 - 12 96 or contact us by email at hr.frankfurt@marriott.com. We are happy to take the time for you! And now we look forward to your online application. Our Marriott International group, including its brands, which includes the Marriott and Sheraton brands, promotes equal opportunity and treatment and is committed to promoting a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Ready to get started? Then start your journey with us! Two premium brands, endless possibilities! Seen from the outside, we are "the big box at the airport" but inside, two flagships of the international hotel industry meet and combine to form the largest airport hotel in Europe! Two top-class hotels, the Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel and the Sheraton Frankfurt Airport Hotel & Conference Center under one roof. More than 45 years of experience have made us what we are today and now your time has come to become part of our success story! Are you interested in a dual-brand hotel with a great team and guests from all over the world? Then get started with us! Ready for take off? Your role in our team Installing, configuring, maintaining, controlling, evaluating and repairing the IT infrastructure components (hardware/software), including computer networking elements, 170 Worstations, 30 Servers Monitor system backups, servers state and network on a daily base Troubleshooting/ repairing/resolving technical problems related to IT infrastructure Work with Technical Manuals, confer with IT colleagues, conduct diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems Providing support and technical guidance. Referring major problems to vendors/subcontractors Informing and instructing users on a proper way of use and security of all systems Analyzing, recommending and implementing process improvements Planning and executing IT-related software and hardware installations, updates, additions, changes and implementing network security measures Ensuring internal SOP and corporate IT standards and procedures are properly performed Communication with colleagues on a positive manner and using appropriate etiquette Ensuring confidentiality of proprietary information; protecting company assets What we expect: You are responsible, self-organized, accurate and open-minded professional. You have completed your education and training in IT already have practical experience working with networks and various IT systems. Network - related knowledge, Cisco or Aruba certification is a plus. We require a good knowledge of German and English. You are familiar with the design and maintenance of high safety standards. In addition, we expect good communication skills, flexibility, quality awareness, understanding of the hotel services industry and a readiness for the daily challenges. They all offer the same thing - so do we... but a little more! Two brands under one roof? we offer you numerous opportunities to develop and rediscover yourself and your career 200 employees from different nations become one big family with us Together we achieve everything! Our team supports each other to achieve common goals and to learn from each other We want you to grow with us - that's why we support you in your development and offer individual opportunities for advancement With a targeted on-boarding program, you'll find out everything you need to know about our dual-brand hotel Numerous team events and meetings help to strengthen the "we feeling" Christmas bonus and holiday bonus as well as payment above the collective agreement Our staff restaurant caters to you at low prices: daily vegetarian options as well as fresh fruit, water, tea and coffee We take care of your mind and body and offer various offers for your health Top transport links, discounted parking and travel allowance Discounts when reserving rooms in more than 8,000 Marriott hotels worldwide, there's also something on top for your friends and family!	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.712000
