5932	8537	IT Systemadministrator/-in (m/w/d) Windows & Mac	Technical University of Nuremberg We are rethinking the university! Interdisciplinary, international and digital: This will be the conceptual core of the Technical University of Nuremberg. An important goal for us is to network engineering sciences with other subject areas in society. We also rely on English-language teaching, digital forms of learning and future-oriented research topics. In the medium term, our campus will offer space for up to 6,000 students on around 37 hectares and combine learning, teaching and living in one place. The project is currently one of the most important university policy projects in the Free State of Bavaria. The Technical University of Nuremberg is looking for a full-time IT system administrator (m/f/d) Windows & Mac to start as soon as possible. You are involved in setting up a new digital university in IT service. We need your passion so that we can continue to strengthen Windows support at our university and expand Mac support. Your tasks: You install Windows and Mac systems, peripheral devices and network components and take care of their maintenance. You install and configure standard software for Windows and Mac. You support the commissioning of a ticket system and process customer inquiries. You take care of the use and the adaptation and maintenance of the tools required for operation You will advise on the procurement of hardware and software You will work with us on the continuous improvement of our IT service operations Your profile: Completed training as an IT specialist in the field of system integration or in a comparable field Desirably You have relevant professional experience You have good knowledge of Windows desktop systems, Mac systems and ideally Windows server systems You have practical experience in the hardware maintenance of workstation computers, network components and cabling You have sound practical experience in the installation and configuration of Windows and Mac based systems and software You are customer-friendly and strongly service-oriented You have a high degree of initiative, creativity and the ability to work in a team You have very good knowledge of German and English, both spoken and written You have a suitable level of physical fitness, as PCs are to be delivered and set up We offer: A permanent employment relationship up to salary group E 9b TV-L according to your personal qualifications and requirements Opportunity to actively participate in the development of the newly founded Technical University of Nuremberg and to take on a responsible task A modern, crisis-proof workplace with all the attractive social benefits of the public service Flexible working hours , the position can be part-time if the full-time performance of the tasks is ensured through job sharing. Compatibility of family and career, home office options Attractive further education and training opportunities The position is generally suitable for people with severe disabilities. Severely disabled applicants will be given preference if they otherwise have essentially the same suitability, qualifications and professional performance. According to Article 7, Paragraph 3 of the Bavarian Equal Opportunities Act, women are encouraged to apply. Interested? Then please send us your comprehensive application by March 23, 2023. Please only use our website application portal. Any questions? We will be happy to answer your questions by e-mail to jobs@utn.de and call you back. If you have any questions about the content of the position, you can contact the team leader, Dr. Simon Graf, turn around.	Computer scientist (further education)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:43.850000
