6088	8693	IT system administrator (m/f/d) - MEG, Schkopau location	DE IT system administrator (m/f/d) - MEG, Schkopau location Specialist, academic professional Apply now Careers and jobs at DB IT system administrator (m/f/d) - MEG, Schkopau location Schkopau, Germany Start date 1. May 2023 Full-time (Duration Unlimited) 2 Mitteldeutsche Eisenbahn GmbH Informatik Job description We are looking for you as an IT system administrator (f/m/d) as of May 1st, 2023. Your tasks You are responsible for the administration and maintenance of the server and network environment as well as mobile devices and applications You coordinate external service providers and coordinate new or adapted requirements with them You help shape our IT infrastructure and evaluate new tools and technologies You manage IT projects, including analysis, conception, implementation, time and cost planning, testing and production First level support for employees You are a sparring partner for all technical issues and support us in the selection of suitable solutions Your profile Completed computer science studies, alternatively an apprenticeship as an IT specialist or Technician in the IT department Your contact Richter, Christina Write to us on 03461492909 Your application Now simply start the application process online. Apply now Your events Get to know us personally. Find events now Knowledge of IT systems, IT networks and client-server systems, databases, IT mobile devices and applications, in the area of ​​IT security and data protection. Good knowledge of English. Your benefits. Attractive conditions , company pension scheme and above-average fringe benefits such as allowances, surcharges, an additional annual benefit and an annual bonus. Individual development Your team ensures a good start and familiarizes you. With seminars, training courses and qualifications, we offer you individual and long-term development and promotion opportunities at specialist or management level. Appreciation and team spirit We like to say thank you and recognize the achievements at regular company parties. Health and preventive care A wide range of company medical services are available to you. We contribute financially to health courses. Stability and security You can be sure of a long-term perspective through your permanent employment in a future-oriented company. Locations At these locations you will find the vacancies. Loading data ... About us The Mitteldeutsche Eisenbahn GmbH has been active in nationwide rail freight transport for almost 25 years with 350 employees. Our focus is the provision of transport services for the automotive, chemical and building materials industries as well as intermodal transport and the mining industry. At locations in three federal states, we provide factory railway services for the chemical and cement industries. Our workshops complement the product portfolio. Applying is easy Create a profile Upload your CV and attachments Enter information and answer job-specific questions Check data and send application Equal opportunities Apply now Data protection / imprint Data protection cookies Imprint Further information Help and contact Follow us	IT-System administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:03.144000
