6145	8750	IT System Administrator (m/w/d)	IT system administrator (m/f/d)

full time
50259 Pulheim, Germany
With professional experience
3/1/23



About Us:

The e-motion e-bikes expert group is an association of independent specialist dealers who are 100% specialized in e-bikes. What started in 2009 with an e-bike shop has now become the contact point for e-bike prospects and buyers with over 80 expert shops in three countries.
Our recipe for success: We love e-bikes!

Do you love bicycles, pedelecs and e-bikes as much as we do?
For our e-motion headquarters in Pulheim near Cologne
we are looking for an IT

System administrator (m/f/d) full-time as soon as possible.

Your main task: You will take care of the internet and technical support in the office and develop expertise to train franchise partners and employees in new technologies. You will also instruct our employees in IT matters.



What you do with us:

You ensure a flawlessly functioning technical infrastructure and continuously develop it (e.g. Google Workspace/G Suite)
You manage the company's equipment: hardware orders, ordering repairs, solving hardware problems, etc.
By working on topics such as data backup, IT security measures, data protection and the intranet, you make a significant contribution to a professional working environment for the employees of our company
With your expert knowledge, you provide user support/training and help our franchise partners and employees to be able to use our IT infrastructure smoothly at all times
You bring our company digitally forward and support the introduction of new tools


What you bring:

At least 1 year experience as a system administrator or a similar role
Experience in managing Google accounts
You are primarily familiar with Windows desktops and secondarily with macOS desktops
Resourcefulness and the ability to solve problems are among your strengths
Also excellent communication skills
Very good knowledge of spoken and written German
and the fascination and interest in e-bikes, e-mobility and technology


What we offer you:

We offer you a fair salary above the market average
Fun at work - we love what we do!
Real appreciation of your ideas and initiatives - do what you love!
The best retail partners imaginable
A great concept with many projects that give you space to realize yourself
Top catering (coffee, tea, water, snacks and fruit as well as regular team lunches) and weekly yoga
A large and modern office in the heart of Pulheim


Would you like to work with us to advance the future of electromobility?

You can send us your comprehensive application documents with detailed information about your knowledge and skills and a CV with a photo directly online as a PDF.



apply online
Imprint | Data protection	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.163000
