3536	6141	IT specialist - management, system integration, infrastructure	Strengthen our team and look forward to a change!

With more than 20 years of technical expertise and IT competence, we develop future-proof solutions for large and medium-sized customers in various industries. We accompany our customers as a long-term partner in the digital transformation: from planning to control and optimization to implementation. Industry experts convert individual and sustainable IT and business strategies into competitive solutions.


Strengthen our team and look forward to a change!


As head of the infrastructure department (m/f/d), you will accompany various transformation processes in our IT operations. You and your team will look after the complex IT infrastructure at our locations and our own data center. The further development to a hybrid and cloud-based infrastructure is one of the many exciting topics that await you with us. It is natural for you to get involved and master challenges together with your team. Partnership, respect, individuality and passion are values ​​that you live by and that are reflected in your management style.


Head of Infrastructure (m/f/d)
Participation in operational business issues
Technical and disciplinary responsibility for the infrastructure department
Transformation from an on-premise to a hybrid/cloud-based infrastructure
Ensuring reliable IT operations in the company under the aspects of IT security and availability
Strategic further development of a modern IT infrastructure
Management of external service providers and supplier management
Cross-departmental cooperation in diverse and exciting project topics
 
Several years of professional experience in the field of system integration and administration
First management and project experience
Passion for topics related to IT operations, hardware and software technology, network management and system support
Independent way of working, hands-on mentality, strong leadership and ability to work in a team
Knowledge of the Atlassian environment desirable
 

Multifaceted topics: varied and agile projects

Be rewarded: market-based salary model with attractive additional benefits such as a mobility concept and company pension scheme

Open up new horizons: with the help of our Idea Factory you can contribute your ideas to help shape syracom and the digital future

Stay in the lead: an excellent range of further training courses so that you are always up to date

Your opinion counts: flat hierarchies paired with short decision-making paths	network administrator	None	2023-03-07 15:57:48.231000
