7959	10564	IT Techniker (m/w/d) START BONUS	The Roomers Munich is a member of the exclusive Autograph Collection by Marriott and part of one of the currently most innovative hotel groups in Germany, the Gekko Group. In addition to 280 rooms and suites and over 850 m² of meeting and event space, Munich is culinary enriched by the Japanese restaurant IZAKAYA, which was awarded the best restaurant in Amsterdam for four years in a row. Munich nightlife can look forward to an offshoot of the multiple award-winning Roomers Bar. Those looking for relaxation will find plenty of rest in the 600 m² spa with infinity jacuzzi and cinema screen as well as their own bar concept. SPREAD THE ROOMERS AND DO IT LOUD Are you an all-round talent? Are you flexible and creative? Do you like to support each department with your know-how and commitment? Do you also fulfill the IT and technology needs of our guests? As an IT technician, you assume responsibility for IT and support the technology at the same time! THAT'S YOU Completed training in IT Experience in a similar position - ideally in the hotel industry Knowledge of all common standard applications (e.g. MS Office), in the field of networks (switches, routers) Reliable, resilient and creative Independent team player Very good knowledge of German and English YOUR NEW JOB Processing of all computer systems and coordination of all IT-related matters Technical advice IT training courses for employees Cross-departmental project support Setting up the workplaces of new employees and problem-solving help (PC, laptop, telephone, mobile phone) Main contact person and liaison to external IT companies Coordination of IT Concerns in cooperation with external companies Introduction, control and monitoring of all Marriott International IT Policies Processing of IT-related guest inquiries Support of the technical department WHY ROOMERS Start Bonus: 1,500? gross after passing the probationary period Innovative corporate culture Individual support, training offers & training courses with external partners Attractive employee benefits from the Gekko Group for all Roomers and Gekko Hotels Special rates for employees and their families in over 7,600 Marriott International hotels New, fully furnished apartments for employees in the center Munich's (near the hotel) 'We want your Friends' award Outstanding special discounts with advantageous partners (diverse shopping portal) In-house staff restaurant Free uniform and cleaning Gifts for birthdays, Christmas and anniversaries Team dinners and staff events Discounts on many food & beverage services and spa treatments Company Supplemental health insurance with private patient comfort and company pension scheme JOIN US We look forward to receiving your complete application (CV & certificates) including salary expectations.	Technician - IT (business IT)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:52.310000
