6152	8757	IT Techniker Support (w/m/d)	Job No.: 76003

Company: Bechtle GmbH Stuttgart

Location(s):
Stuttgart, Germany, 70563

Ready for anything? Ready for Bechtle.

With over 13,000 employees, we are one of the most successful IT companies and the market leader in our industry. The combination of direct sales of IT products with comprehensive system house services makes us a future-proof IT partner for medium-sized companies, corporations and public clients. We are at home all over Europe and always close by.

IT technician support (f/m/d)

Your tasks:

Repair processing of printers, scanners and industrial PCs with manufacturers and distributors
Configuration, rollout and IT support of production-related IT (label printers, barcode scanners, industrial PCs)
Installation and troubleshooting of Windows applications
Coordination and escalation of time-critical incidents & communication with superiors or customers
2nd level support: diagnosis & analysis of problems; categorization of priorities and solution finding and documentation

Your profile:

Completed vocational training in the field of information and telecommunications technology (e.g. IT specialist for system integration (f/m/d)) with experience in IT support
good knowledge of PC hardware and its peripherals; Knowledge of Windows client operating systems (XP, Win7, Win10) and basic knowledge of TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP
Experience with production-related printers desirable
Technical understanding and a customer-oriented, independent and structured way of working
good written and spoken English knowledge

our range

Further development: With a comprehensive range of offers from the Bechtle Academy, individual career planning and other development programs, you can develop professionally and personally.
Flexibility: You can arrange your working hours and place of work individually, depending on your area of ​​responsibility and in coordination with your manager.
Variety: Interesting and diverse tasks await you in the IT industry of the future.
Security: As a future-oriented employer, you benefit from secure and permanent employment.
Team: The cohesion within our diverse team is what sets us apart.

This is what awaits you in the Bechtle IT system house in Stuttgart: around 200 colleagues work here in a modern office building in an attractive location in the Stuttgart Engineering Park (STEP). The campus is characterized by a good infrastructure, good transport connections (including public transport) and good parking facilities. With expert advice, new technologies, high-quality services and a needs-based infrastructure, cloud and software offering, we support our customers on the path to digitization.
Sylvia Breßler-Rüger| recruiting | +49 (0) 7132 981-4321

Ready for all of this? Apply now via our online application tool. Unfortunately, we cannot consider profile suggestions from personnel service providers and applications by e-mail.

Apply now "




           Find similar jobs:
All jobs


×
Cookie settings


Here you can select or deactivate various tags / trackers / analysis tools that are used on jobs.bechtle.com. When you visit a website, it can store and retrieve information about your browser - mostly in the form of cookies. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can refuse certain cookies. However, if you block certain cookies, it may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer.

essential

These cookies are necessary for the use of this website and cannot be switched off.


 Show more details

                 essential
Vendor Description Enabled

SAP as a service provider
We use the following session cookies, all of which are necessary for the website to function:

"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data center
"JSESSIONID" is stored on the visitor's device during the session so that the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from jumping from one instance to another






functional

These cookies ensure a better customer experience on this site. This allows login details to be saved and video performance can be optimized. They provide us with information about how our site is being used. You can accept or reject these cookies at any time. Note that if you do not accept these cookies, certain functions made available by these third parties may be affected.


 Show more details

                 functional	IT specialist - system integration	None	2023-03-07 16:03:11.028000
