5904	8509	IT-Administrator / IT-Support (m/w/d)	In the course of a replacement in our OE digitization and information technology, we are looking for an IT administrator / IT support (m/f/d) Der Genossenschaftsverband Bayern e. V. (GVB) has represented the interests of Bavarian cooperatives since 1893. Its 1,169 members include 197 Volksbanken and Raiffeisenbanken and 972 companies from sectors such as agriculture, energy, trade, crafts and services. With around 50,000 employees and 2.9 million shareholders, they form one of the largest medium-sized business organizations in Bavaria. Our mission: We help our members to be successful. Your activities: Supervision of Microsoft 365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc.) Creation of templates and office macros Supervision of Outlook/Exchange administration/supervision of HCL Notes (server/clients) Supervision of our mobile devices (iPhones/iPads) Implementation of first-level support for GVB employees in the office and in the field as well as external customers Independent implementation and realization of IT projects Script development for the automation of IT processes (e.g. PowerShell) Implementation of IT training courses Creation of (video -) Instructions Supervision of our trainees (IT specialist) Your profile: Successfully completed training as an IT specialist (m/f/d) or comparable IT training, professional experience desirable Good knowledge of the client environment (primarily Microsoft environment), especially in M365 and HCL Notes environment Practical experience in IT service management with a strong service orientation Ability to work in a team, communication skills and willingness to cooperate Independent and reliable way of working Very good knowledge of German and good English We offer: An exciting and responsible job in a collegial working atmosphere in the best city location in the Munich Maxvorstadt with optimal transport connections There is the possibility of working remotely from time to time Your professional and personal training is also our top priority Welcome to the team Quickly integrated, holistic onboarding Independent work Professional and personal support Well informed through the employee app Diverse career perspectives Structured development discussions Cross-divisional Work streams Annual training budget Funding for extra-occupational courses Attractive services Innovation needs variety and flexibility: flexitime, mobile working, working-time account – room to reconcile private and professional life with each other. V. OE Digitization and Information Technology Bernhard Pompl Türkenstraße 22-24 80333 Munich Telephone: 089/2868-3270 Website	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:40.419000
