7500	10105	IT-Administrator (m/w/d) - Microsoft 365	IT Administrator (m/f/d) - Microsoft 365 WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as an IT administrator (m/f/d) - Microsoft 365 Neu-Isenburg | Full time Hours: Monday - Friday Job ID: 19951-010/2023 Apply Now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive salary with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension scheme through our pension fund Coffee, cappuccino or maybe tea - all free Lunch allowance in our popular company restaurant ?Upstairs? Free salary account Company health management Good connection to the public Local transport and parking Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse further training opportunities in an international environment The tasks: Administration and IT operation of "Microsoft 365" technologies (Azure Active Directory, Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive, Teams incl. Phone System, Intune , multi-factor authentication, etc.) Automation, standardization and documentation of workflows with suitable scripts (PowerShell) Assistance in user support (Aramark employees) Participation in national and international projects Your profile: Master's or diploma degree with professional experience or comparable Knowledge and skills Several years of professional experience in IT administration In-depth experience with the Microsoft collaboration solutions in the "Microsoft 365" area and in on-premises solutions (AD, Exchange, Sharepoint, etc.) Extensive experience with the IT operation of Exchange, Sharepoint , AD, file servers, etc. ("Microsoft 365" environments) Organizational skills and a high level of teamwork Technical certifications an advantage (Microsoft 365 Certified Associate, MCSA, MCSE or similar) Contact You have questions about this job offer or need help with the upload your documents? Hannes Wagner will be happy to help you on 06102-7450 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE task administration and IT operation of "Microsoft 365" technologies (Azure Active Directory, Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive, Teams incl. Phone System, Intune, Multi -Factor Authentication etc.) Automation, standardization and documentation of workflows with suitable scripts (PowerShell) Assistance in user support (Aramark employees) Participation in national and international projects Master's or diploma degree with professional experience or comparable knowledge and skills Several years of professional experience in IT administration In-depth experience with Microsoft collaboration solutions in the "Microsoft 365" area and in on-premises solutions (AD, Exchange, Sharepoint, etc.) Extensive experience with IT operations in Exchange, Sharepoint, AD, file Server etc. ("Microsoft 365" environments) Organizational talent and a high level of teamwork Technical certifications an advantage (Microsoft 365 Certified Associate, MCSA, MCSE or similar) Attractive remuneration with vacation and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension scheme through our pension fund Coffee, cappuccino or maybe tea - all free of charge Allowance for lunch in our popular company restaurant ?Upstairs? cost	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:55.892000
