8416	11021	Java Cloud Engineer (m/f/d)	SIXT is a global market leader in the mobility space and sets the pace for innovation like nobody else. We are transforming the industry to become fully digitalized and offer our customers an answer to all mobility needs they have. Our fuel is them having a great experience. Join our tech department and help make all of the magic happen. We offer a wide range of topics from IoT over efficient fleet management, automated pricing, and much more, both customer-facing and back office. What all of the roles have in common is our love for technology. At the heart, we build microservices on AWS and use the platform to a maximum account. We build systems for millions of customers and hundreds of thousands of vehicles every single day. Performance, scalability, resilience, and security are essential for everything we do, and we constantly push the limits. Do what you love: You love solving tech challenges and building products that change the world You are translating software requirements into stable, working, high-performance software by arriving at multiple solutions in your team using your excellent communication skills You understand and constantly challenge the status quo of your business domain and find pragmatic tech solutions to optimize heavily loaded systems for scale, performance, and resiliency You take full ownership of the product and services in your domain with a ?you build it, you run it? attitude You act as a role model and embody positive TECH culture and value, you support team members by onboarding new engineers, delivering constructive feedback and mentoring others Come as you are: You speak Java and SpringBoot fluently and you have built cloud-native microservices and event-driven architectures, ideally on AWS You have got experience in working with containers and container orchestration as well as monitoring systems, preferably Docker, Kubernetes, Prometheus and Instana You are extremely motivated, passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with a "can-do" attitude You have a track record of delivering high-quality products/services, meeting agreed commitments, and supporting others to achieve their commitments You communicate fluently in English and appreciate cultural diversity Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, no dress code, choose your own device, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).   In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: Engineers take note: cutting edge technology is waiting for you! We don't buy, we primarily do it all ourselves: all core systems, whether in the area of car sharing, car rental, ride hailing and much more, are developed and operated by SIXT itself. Our technical scope ranges from cloud and on-site operations through agile software development. We rely on state-of-the-art frameworks and architectures and strive for a long-term technical approach. Exciting? Then apply now! About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription)	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:07:48.340000
