7556	10161	(Junior) Business Analyst - Longterm Operations & Processes (m/w/d)	Are you interested in the mobility solutions of tomorrow and want to take on responsibility for analytical projects in the area of ​​car subscriptions? We are looking for a convincing and competent (Junior) Business Analyst (m/f/d) with operational interface to strengthen our team at the Pullach location near Munich. It doesn't matter whether you already have professional experience in the field of mobility or in the automotive industry or not: If you know what the terms stakeholder management, data analysis or process optimization are, then apply and start as a (Junior) Business Analyst in the field of Long-term Operations & Processes (m/f/d) at SIXT. DO WHAT YOU LOVE: Through sharp analyzes of customer behavior, you provide the input for data-driven product development in the area of ​​car subscriptions. You build dashboards in various analysis platforms in order to have the most important long-term and subscription KPIs available at any time. You adapt analyzes to the individual ones needs of various stakeholders You work together with the team on the continuous improvement of existing data structures You are responsible for the maintenance and ongoing development of existing reports You identify inefficient processes and contribute to their optimization with creative ideas COME AS YOU ARE: You have strong analytical skills Skills and numerical thinking with strong data interpretation skills You are reliable and can manage projects independently in exchange with supervisors You see it as an advantage to have your own area of ​​responsibility and work independently on assigned tasks and projects You have experience with data analysis and SQL as well as working with AWS and ideally Salesforce You have very good skills in Microsoft Office applications (especially Excel and Power Point) You speak fluent German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, the gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers we	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:02.745000
