7793	10398	(Junior) Specialist People Development (m/f/d)	You are excited about driving and increasing people engagement, performance and growth? Then join our People & Culture Management team to support design and execution of our worldwide processes and tools which are designed to achieve exactly that. Our goal is to create an irresistible work experience for our global people. As our new Senior Professional People Performance & Engagement you have the opportunity to take a key role in the successful implementation of our new programs. Sounds exciting? We are looking forward to your application and in getting to know you. What you will do: You support the leading Project Manager in the design, implementation, execution and continuous improvement of the global processes and tools for: people performance development & personal growth topics, our employee engagement survey program and the onboarding for new joiners Together, you ensure interlinkage to other relevant HR products and processes, including global initiatives to foster company culture and employee experience and support HR country teams in the local execution of global processes and tools as a subject-matter expert You help global HR Business Partners in the analysis and interpretation of survey results and in deriving conclusions and measures You coordinate and track action owners of central actions to increase engagement levels and/or work effectiveness   You continuously screen external market best practices and market trends and propose (new) products or product improvements for increased impact About you: You have an educational background in business, people management or related field You are experienced to work within a fast-paced, international environment and have gained first experience with people performance, development and engagement related topics You are self-motivated and take on responsibility in driving projects forward You have strong people & communication skills at all levels, coupled with tact and empathy for different personalities You have an analytical and operational strengths to be able to analyze data as it relates to HR metrics and derive conclusions You are fluent in English; German is a plus Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: Our employees bring our company in the fast lane ? every day our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide. In the SIXT HR department, the work is not done with selecting and hiring the right people! We connect advisory, development, and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of New Work, transformational support, HR systems and people analytics. Embracing innovation, contributing to the creation of a workspace where everybody feels comfortable and where future-focused work is valued are some of our main objectives we're thriving for day by day. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:06:31.816000
