6068	8673	Junior Test Manager Where You Want Job	Junior Test Manager in Academic Professional Junior Test Manager in Where You Want-Job Start date Immediately DB Systel GmbH Informatik Full-time/Part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 208043 Job Ref. 180175 2 Job Description For quality assurance of business applications in the DB Group, we, the Quality in Business Applications (QuBA) team, support applications and IT projects in defining, planning, controlling and implementing the quality assurance process. As part of the project roadmap (release planning), we provide support with our service as test experts in order to ensure the quality goals of our customers as required. We are looking for you as a junior test manager in (f/m/d) for DB Systel as soon as possible. You can choose whether you want to work from one of our locations in Erfurt, Berlin or Frankfurt am Main or mostly remotely. As soon as it is possible again, the team will meet on site a few times by arrangement, and more often if the project requires it. Your tasks Together with your teammates, you will be responsible for the further development of our services, which also includes advising our customers on the subject of quality assurance. The (agile) planning and management of several IT projects, from comprehensive test preparation and implementation to go live and the handover to operations is the responsibility of your team. You design professional test concepts and test strategies together with your teammates. You plan and coordinate the cooperation with internal and external stakeholders. By proactively passing on your experience and knowledge, you contribute to a lively transfer of knowledge Team QuBA at Your profile The basis of your career is a completed (technical) university degree in (business) informatics or a comparable qualification with initial professional experience. You also have initial experience in software testing and quality assurance. Your precise communication leaves no questions unanswered - through your Structured approach, you are able to grasp complex relationships quickly and correctly Assertiveness, appreciative communication, your commitment and economic action in the interests of the customers distinguish you Fluent knowledge of German rounds off your profile Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	test driver	None	2023-03-07 16:03:00.684000
