7834	10439	(Junior) Security Analyst & Quality Management (m/w/d)	Are you interested in tomorrow's mobility solutions and want to take responsibility for analytical projects in the field of vehicle and operational safety? We are looking for a convincing and competent data analyst with operational interface (m/f/d) at SIXT to strengthen our team in Munich. The Fleet Intelligence team is the internal organizational and planning unit of the SIXT organization and takes on numerous projects to optimize fleet and vehicle safety. Regardless of whether you already have professional experience in the field of goods or product security or not: If you know what the terms stakeholder management, data analysis or process optimization are, then apply and start in Fleet Intelligence as a (Junior) Security Analyst & Quality Management (m/f/d) at SIXT. What you do with us: As part of the Fleet Intelligence team, you are responsible for optimizing international fleet and vehicle security in the SIXT Group. You create risk assessments for operational processes with the aim of minimizing potential damage to the company. You analyze our rental processes and identify potential risks You collect relevant data in close cooperation with our stations and analyze them continuously You create ad-hoc data analyzes and reports based on them for the management and the board You define recommendations for action, communicate them transparently and support the responsible persons in the implementation In this context you work closely with external and internal stakeholders What you bring: You are reliable and can manage projects independently in exchange with superiors You see it as an advantage to have your own area of ​​responsibility and work independently on assigned tasks and projects You are open to new ideas and show a high willingness to work in an international organization You have experience with data analysis and SQL You have strong analytical skills and numerical thinking with strong data interpretation skills You have very good skills in Microsoft Office applications (especially Excel and Power Point) Additional information work at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers in all business areas of SIXT SE. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider	quality manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:36.957000
