8220	10825	(Junior) Manager Treasury (m/w/d)	Would you like to gain insight into the treasury of an international corporation and expand your financial expertise? Would you like to use your affinity for numbers and communication skills by working with both internal and external (financial) stakeholders and being responsible for the disposition of all bank accounts worldwide? Do you want to get involved in projects in addition to day-to-day business? Then we have the right job for you! To strengthen our team, we are looking for a dedicated and motivated (Junior) Manager Treasury (m/f/d) for our headquarters in Munich. What you do with us: You are fully responsible for daily cash management and for processing payment transactions for the entire SIXT Group. You manage the group-wide bank accounts and handle correspondence with our banking partners. You apply for and administer bank guarantees and other guarantees for all group companies worldwide You answer treasury-related inquiries from other areas of the group You create internal and external reports on various treasury topics You are involved in important and innovative projects in the treasury area and accompany current and strategic topics in the department What you bring with you: You have completed a (technical) university degree and /or completed banking training or comparable commercial training, and ideally some experience in the field of finance/treasury You work reliably, precisely and independently and have a high willingness to learn You recognize optimization potential and like to bring your own ideas and would like to implement them You have one High IT affinity, good user skills in MS Office and ideally in a treasury management system or an ERP system You have good written and spoken German and English skills and communicate confidently both internally and externally Additional information Working at SIXT not only means the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. Internal Audit also plays an indispensable role in this, combining assurance and consulting in order to optimize the effectiveness of the areas. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners we are in more than 1	Manager - Finance and Accounting	None	2023-03-07 16:07:24.324000
