6148	8753	Junior Content Manager (m/w/d)	German

German
English


 corporate website



Toggle navigation

jobs
contact person
Locations
Contact


 Junior Content Manager (m/f/d)

 marketing

 Berlin, Germany




job postings
Junior Content Manager (m/f/d)


 Junior Content Manager (m/f/d)

 job description

We are 1OX and part of the Melitta Group. We develop and market innovative products that are intended to enrich the lives of our customers - and thus become future business activities of the Melitta Group.
Company founder Melitta Bentz invented the coffee filter more than 100 years ago. Since then, inventiveness has been part of our company's DNA. In order to keep this spirit alive, the Melitta Group runs a department for corporate innovation in Minden and founded the incubator 10X in Berlin in 2018. Since then we have been actively examining new trends and approaches, working according to the principles of "lean start-up" and never stopping to think outside the box. This gives us the freedom in our 5 teams to think innovation ten times bigger. Ready to open up new markets with us and our innovations?
To strengthen our creative team, we are looking for a creative and communicative person from April who will hold the threads of our social media communication together, who will be available to answer questions from our marketing managers (m/f/d) and who will be involved in both conception and marketing in the operational implementation and keeps track of the various channels and activities.


We are looking for full-time reinforcements from May 1st, 2023 and for a limited period until December 31st, 2024


You will be responsible for social media management for our brands (Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest) and for our active community management
The creation and maintenance of editorial plans are also part of your daily tasks
After consultation, you are responsible for regular reporting and the further development of the channels on the basis of relevant KPIs
You make a significant contribution to the formulation of headlines and copies for all our brands in the social media area and our newsletters
The coordination and creation of regular newsletters round off your tasks as part of consistent end customer communication.
You are enthusiastic about our topics, such as sustainable consumption, vegan nutrition, a relaxed lifestyle, lifestyle and premium products and much more

you suit us
You have successfully completed your studies with a focus on media, communication, marketing or have a comparable education
You have already gained initial professional experience in a comparable area (social media, content creation, editing, etc.).
You convince us with your strong, creative streak, high sense of style and your sense of trend for formats and designs on social media
We require stylistically confident spoken and written German and conversational English skills
You have a good understanding of the brand and a very good writing and communication style - both in relation to our brands and the various communication channels
Experience in storytelling, copywriting and content creation is an advantage
Experience in using programs such as Canva, (or comparable) Word and Excel is desirable
Handling Adobe programs, especially Photoshop, InDesign and Illustrator, as well as expert knowledge of coffee are an advantage


 job requirements



we suit you


As an international family company with many years of experience, it is important to us that you feel comfortable in the Melitta family.


General conditions: 30 days of vacation, 38 hours a week, target achievement bonus, flexible working hours, individual training and further education opportunities, option for mobile working

Local offer at the location: free drinks




We also accompany you with the Melitta Benefits in all situations, such as:

Finance & provision: company pension scheme, occupational disability insurance, accident insurance, etc.

Health: health promotion, company sport

Living & Working: Job Wheel, Corporate Benefits

Feeling good & community: Employee parties





Apply now and get started together!



contact person

Lisa Rethmeier





HR Specialist Recruiting
Phone: +49 571/ 86-4146




Apply for this job	Content-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.540000
