7955	10560	Key Account Manager - Region Stuttgart (m/w/d)	Do you have experience in looking after major customers? Do you recognize potential and like to develop customer-specific solution concepts? Then we have the right job for you! Strengthen our national sales team at the Stuttgart location as Key Account Manager - Region South (m/f/d). As a global mobility service provider, SIXT proves every day what makes innovative products and excellent service. Do you want to be part of our success story? Then apply now! What you do with us: You are responsible for an existing customer portfolio with significant annual sales You identify, analyze and develop customer potential and manage to inspire new cooperation partners to work with SIXT You implement customer-specific solution concepts based on the SIXT product portfolio You are responsible for customer satisfaction and Implementation of the SIXT corporate and sales strategy What you bring with you: You have several years of professional experience as a key account manager (m/f/d) in the field of mobility services, travel industry or generally in the automotive industry with a focus on major customers. You are not afraid of big names in the industry and important ones decision-makers You act confidently at all levels, work in a structured and independent way You want to actively participate in the further development of the strategic support of your customers and do this with great negotiating skills You have fluent German and English skills You have very good knowledge of sales tools (ideally Salesforce) with additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, you can now decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various leisure activities such as the gaming area, the SIXT football team or the SIXT choir are available to you - just to mention here to name few. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. About the department: At SIXT, in addition to our vehicles, we also stand for premium quality in sales. The customer is the king. As one of the most innovative, fastest growing and most profitable mobility companies worldwide, the customer is always the focus of all actions for SIXT. Our sales as the most important bridge to our customers enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and to intensively support SIXT in its international expansion. Sales at SIXT stands for a dynamic working atmosphere, innovative products and excellent service quality. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are paramount	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:51.816000
