8136	10741	Kitchen help - kitchen helper - gastronomy - hotel industry - community catering	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Kitchen rock star ? Cook supporter? Kitchen Help! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and look forward to exciting assignments with our well-known customers from the hotel and catering industry, communal catering and at the most exciting events in the region. Your task:   You support the kitchen brigade of our diverse customers in all areas and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. You will become part of the kitchen team and support your new colleagues in the most diverse areas of the kitchen. Be skilled with knives and juggle pots and pans. They help with the preparation of food and dishes and work with the cooks. They reliably take care of the cleaning and storage of the kitchen equipment and kitchen appliances. Compliance with the HACCP concept and current hygiene measures is a matter of course for you. Your profile:   Ideally first experience in the kitchen, we are also happy to give motivated career changers a chance Ability to work in a team and reliability A conscientious and fast way of working Good knowledge of German and a well-groomed appearance Knowledge of the HACCP concept Class B driving license is an advantage   We offer you:   One Interesting, varied & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Compatibility of family & work assignments according to your skills Different employment models A Fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, vacation & Christmas bonus Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:14.055000
