7721	10326	kitchen director (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. For our excellent business restaurant with fresh cuisine at our well-known customer in Affalterbach, we are looking for a creative and dedicated head for our kitchen team. That's why we're looking for you as... Kitchen Director (*) Office: Affalterbach, Württemberg full-time (Monday - Friday: between 6:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.) Job number: 7105-22-5554 Starter ... and What you bring along Successfully completed training as a chef is required Further training as a master chef is desirable Several years of operational kitchen experience and management practice in the upscale gastronomy/hotel industry or communal catering Sound business knowledge and general IT user skills High commitment and motivation paired with a strong goal and result orientation Excellent manners, communication skills and convincing appearance towards employees, guests and customers main course ... and what to expect culinary and economic responsibility of the gastronomic outlets management of your team: personnel selection, personnel deployment, training etc. central contact person and interface for employees, colleagues, guests and customers conscientious control, Monitoring and enforcement of the specified (internal) guidelines Innovative planning and implementation of in-house events and special events Development and implementation of new gastronomy concepts and food trends Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with Surcharges, free employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A one hundred percent family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Partner, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:23.010000
