8155	10760	Kitchen Clerk (m/w/d)	The DAS ACHENTAL resort is located in the heart of the Chiemgau, between Munich and Salzburg in one of the most beautiful regions in Germany. Whether on the golf course with mountain panorama, in the spacious spa and wellness area or in one of our restaurants and bars - our team convinces our guests with exclusive and at the same time personal service in all areas. Our employees are the most important brand ambassadors. They live DAS ACHENTAL, are passionate hosts, enjoy working in a team and are enthusiastic about our common goal of being one of the best resorts in Bavaria. As an employer, we live appreciation, communication and transparency, are fair, attractive and allow employees to participate in our success, and we develop and recruit talent. Our focus is on the personal and professional development of all employees. We offer diverse career prospects and an attractive working environment. Together we want to achieve a lot. We focus on personality and live diversity. Become part of our team and design DAS ACHENTAL together with us. We offer: Working environment: A job in a region with a very good quality of life and high recreational value. Top quality: in all areas. From breakfast to dinner, we work with many regional producers and organic products Payment: Pay above the collective bargaining agreement, holiday and Christmas bonuses Employee accommodation: Furnished and modernly equipped for the first 6 months of employment Experience for yourself: Attractive accommodation conditions in European partner hotels Perks: In the Corporate Benefits shopping portal Employee restaurant: With a balanced culinary offer and run by trainees. Water, tea and coffee are also freely available Further training: for professional and personal development with an annual budget of up to 1,500 ? per employee Fitness: Free use of the fitness area with modern equipment Golf: From the free introductory course to the discounted DGV license course? from special rates for golf membership, use of the golf course, the golf simulator and other golf facilities to an attractive shopping experience in the Achental Shop with brands such as Bogner, Ralph Lauren and Titleist Work clothing: Exclusive work clothing is provided and cleaned free of charge Team events: Regular events such as the summer festival and Christmas party, employee golf tournament, budget for individual team events Mobility: The hotel's bicycles can be used on request and subject to availability. Your tasks: As part of our kitchen team headed by chef Edip Sigl, you will take our guests on a journey through the limitless world of scents and tastes. We are looking for support for our ES:SENZ gourmet restaurant, as well as for our Weißer Hirsch restaurant and other F&B outlets in the resort. Supporting the post manager in all tasks that arise Completion of necessary preparatory work (mise-en-place) Preparation, presentation and quality assurance of all dishes in our F&B outlets as well as at events Helping to shape the changing offers in your area of ​​responsibility Compliance with hygiene and safety standards according to HACCP and guaranteeing our quality standards Co-responsibility for the management and instruction of the kitchen trainees, goods control and care Your profile: Ideally, completed training as a chef and experience in upscale gastronomy High quality awareness and service orientation Structured and independent working methods as well as good time management Teamwork and reliability Creativity and love Read more Willingness to learn and motivation Awareness of the sustainable use of materials	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:16.385000
