8060	10665	Kitchen staff - canteen staff - experienced kitchen help - kitchen	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. kitchen hero ? Canteen rock star ? kitchen power! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and look forward to exciting assignments with our well-known customers from the hotel and catering industry, communal catering and at the most exciting events in the region. Your task: You support the kitchen brigade of our diverse customers in all areas and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. Are you skilled with a knife or do you prefer juggling pots and pans? With us you have the opportunity to work in the most diverse areas of the kitchen. Whether it is support in preparing dishes in the hot and cold kitchen or the preparation of simple dishes and components, you will work consistently with the chefs. You always keep your workplace in perfect condition, the work equipment is always clean and well maintained. Compliance with the HACCP concept and current hygiene measures is a matter of course for you. Your profile: Several years of experience in gastronomy or in the kitchen or canteen area Ability to work in a team and reliability A sense of quality and responsibility A conscientious and fast way of working Good knowledge of German and a well-groomed appearance Knowledge of the HACCP concept Class B driving license an advantage We offer you: An interesting one , varied & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Compatibility of family & work assignments according to your skills Different employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, vacation & Christmas bonus Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:07:04.749000
