8151	10756	Kitchen staff (m/f/d)	DiversityMenu GmbH is one of the leading providers of food and catering solutions with a focus on the education sector and company catering. Around 1,000 employees at more than 30 locations work with great enthusiasm and commitment for the Diversity Menu GmbH brand. In addition to the outstanding quality and excellent service, it is above all our employees who make up our success story. LOOKING FOR KITCHEN HEROES - OFFERING A DREAM JOB!? As a kitchen employee (m/f/d) at DiversityMenu, you will put a smile on the faces of our little guests every day. With delicious and healthy recipes, we take day care and school catering to the next level. For this we are looking for real heroes. Our refreshing team is already looking forward to seeing you! No job like another ? because we have family-friendly working hours and still really good pay! WE'LL THROW IT INTO THE POT: You can plan with us: You'll enjoy a secure job with a permanent position. For us, regulated, family-friendly working hours also mean free evenings and weekends. Fair payment according to the house collective agreement - holiday and Christmas bonuses are a matter of course for us. Even real heroes need vacation: We offer 30 days! We take care of your work clothes and cleaning 100%. We don't want to lose our heroes anymore. That's why we offer internal opportunities for advancement. More than just a job: Working in our team is fun? Laughter allowed! It's hard to cook on an empty stomach: we offer culinary catering. THE INGREDIENTS FOR KITCHEN HEROES: With your support in the preparation of the dishes, you are passionate about providing food for our little guests. You get involved with your work with commitment and fun because you already know what is important in the kitchen. Heroes are seldom alone: ​​as a team player, you round off your profile. Do we meet your taste? Become part of our team. P.S.: Real heroes don't write long texts ? apply with a click in 3 minutes!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:15.895000
