8017	10622	Kitchen worker (d/f/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 28195 Bremen SV Business Catering GmbH Part-time 30h/week kitchen staff (d/f/m) Are you a host with heart and mind? Do you love your job and do you think this is your calling? Then we are looking for you! Are you looking for a new challenge with regular working hours? Close to you? In a modern and innovative company? Then apply now! you with us A recipe for success. Because we can do much more than "canteen" - we are the SV!! What you do Guest service and operating the cash register Serving guests at the café bar Assisting in the preparation of cold dishes and snacks Serving the dishes in the breakfast and lunch service Support in the day-to-day operations of the company What you bring Passion for the service profession Structured and independent working method Open-minded and motivated personality who enjoys contact with guests Professional experience in gastronomy, in banquet or conference service is an advantage Flexibility, enthusiasm and a sense of responsibility Your advantages with us Above-tariff remuneration and a permanent employment relationship Regulated working hours, weekends off, 28 days vacation Free employee catering, we provide and clean the work clothes Open and modern work culture with space for ideas and development High product quality in modern facilities, attractive locations with good transport connections Your place of work To complete our motivated SV team in Bremen, we are looking for you. You and your team spoil our guests every day with a wide range of offers: varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks as well as a sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. Regulated working hours apply, primarily from Monday to Friday between 8:30 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Janine Schulz, HR Recruiter	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:06:59.444000
