8240	10845	Kitchen staff (m/f/d) school canteen	78549 Spaichingen now mini job - flexible - 10 hours/week | Family-friendly working hours I Usually 11:00 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. I Flexible according to the duty roster I Monday, Tuesday + Thursday (3-day week) Nursery and school catering Catering for children and young people is a demanding task! We at apetito catering Education are market leaders in the field of catering for day care centers and schools. More than 1,000 people do their best every day to meet the needs of guests big and small. Are you also a gourmet expert, discoverer of delicacies, wish-fulfiller, team player, fan of freshness and regional professional? Then you've come to the right place! That's what you're hungry for: A job that's fun, especially if you like working with children and in a team. They prepare the food and give it to our small and large guests. Maintain order and cleanliness in the kitchen. Our ingredients for you: Family-friendly work during school hours Regulated working hours, i.e. no shifts, no work on weekends or public holidays Individual training and further support from your manager Family and friendly working atmosphere and respectful interaction with each other Work clothes and work shoes are provided free of charge Employee discounts Well-known providers Family service - External free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) This will give us a taste: Having fun preparing meals for children. You work independently and reliably. You enjoy working independently as well as working in a team. You are communicative and friendly. Whether you have professional experience, are fresh out of school or are a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Would you like it? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Stefanie Schanz and Elke Zimmermann Tel. 07032 954 50 12 (-13) in the morning from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 069062	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:26.764000
