7625	10230	Kitchen help / dishwasher m/f/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Yes, it's true: regulated working hours, free evenings and weekends or part-time jobs cannot be reconciled with everyday life in a demanding restaurant kitchen. Unless, of course, you apply to one of our business restaurants. A high-quality, fresh and creative cuisine is just as important to us here as the compatibility of work and private life. With our friendly, appreciative team, that may not be as important to you as it is elsewhere. Sounds good? Then we look forward to receiving your application. Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 160 employees at 18 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? For our business restaurant in Oberhaching we are looking for a full-time kitchen assistant / dishwasher (m/f/d) These tasks await you with us: Participation in all tasks arising in the kitchen area Support in the preparation of meals Participation in the serving of meals Support in the scullery and with cleaning work in the kitchen area Compliance with the HACCP guidelines What we want from you: Experience in a similar area of ​​responsibility Enjoying handling food Responsible and precise working methods Good knowledge of German and good manners Team orientation and flexibility With this offer we would like to convince you: varied and responsible tasks work in a 5-day week from Monday to Friday (weekends & public holidays free) a pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team with uncomplicated cooperation a constantly growing and yet family-run company with short decision-making processes performance-related remuneration, further development opportunities and attractive social benefits we aroused your interest? We are looking forward to your application!	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:06:11.222000
