8054	10659	Kitchen manager (m/f/d)	20149 Hamburg from now full time - 40 hours/week | Usually 5:30am - 8:00pm | flexible according to duty schedule | incl. weekends and public holidays (5-day week) Care gastronomy for seniors In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: As a responsible kitchen manager, you are at the head of the kitchen team in the retirement home, manage the budget and act as the interface to the customer, with whom you constantly exchange information. With an eye on the residents of the facility and their needs, do you ensure that the hot and cold dishes are prepared appropriately and presented in an inviting way? the eye eats with you. But you don't just play off your culinary strengths? You will also take care of merchandise management, operational accounting and other administrative tasks and ensure that the internal apetito catering quality standards are implemented. Our ingredients for you: Sunday and public holiday bonuses Holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminar offers Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours , according to the duty roster with a 5-day week Give us a taste: Completed training (cook, housekeeper) or a comparable qualification, possibly supplemented by further training (e.g. master chef, business economist) Several years of experience in a Similar position in a community restaurant, if possible in the care area, with the appropriate specialist knowledge of dietetics, special diets, merchandise and business administration Ideally, confident handling of common application programs (MS Office) Open-minded, communicative and friendly host personality who writes service and commitment BIG and it knows how to promote team spirit in the kitchen crew Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh from school or a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! Gladly stating your earliest possible starting date and salary expectations. You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/ . Contact details Ms. Johannsen Tel. 0151 599 742 89 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 063333	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:04.013000
