7593	10198	kitchen manager (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and committed support for our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine at the DM headquarters in Karlsruhe. That's why we're looking for you as... kitchen manager (*) Office: Karlsruhe, Baden full-time (Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.) Job number: 7610-22-5459 Starter ... and what You have completed vocational training as a chef with first-class skills Additional qualification as a master chef and/or in the commercial sector, for example as a hotel manager is an advantage Professional experience in a comparable position, ideally as a manager in communal catering or hotel/gastronomy Enjoys the daily preparation of fresh culinary delights Highlights Excellent manners, strong communication skills and a convincing demeanor Main course ... and what to expect Be the right hand of the responsible manager on site Your creativity is required - you will help with menu planning, active food preparation, quality assurance, food presentation and serving Deputy management and Business management of the kitchen area In consultation with the manager, you ensure smooth operations while maintaining hygiene, quality and enjoyment & harmony company standards Support in the area of ​​merchandise management (ordering, incoming goods inspection, warehousing, inventory, etc.) and the calculation of entire range of dishes In a duo, together with the manager, you lead the employees on site (personnel selection, personnel deployment, training courses, etc.) Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free Employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.293000
