8270	10875	Kitchen staff (*) part-time (30h)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and committed support for our sophisticated senior restaurant with fresh cuisine in Bretzfeld-Schwabbach. Therefore we are looking for you as a... kitchen assistant (*) part-time (30h) office: Bretzfeld part-time (30h) (Mon. - Sun.: 6 a.m. - 1 p.m. or 11:30 a.m. - 6 p.m., Weekends alternately free) Job number: 7401-22-5562 Starter ... and what you bring with you First experience in gastronomy ideally in community catering desirable Good knowledge of German Enjoying working with fresh food Reliability, independence and hospitality Main course ... and what to expect A friendly team Support with the preparation of meals for the main course and snacks Preparation of various dishes, such as B. salads, snacks or desserts We are a team ? We support each other in serving food, in service and in the scullery Cleaning the workplace Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with surcharges, free employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, allowance for company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours without partial service Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Michael Schold, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-696 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:30.420000
