8159	10764	Kitchen manager (m/f/d) Ling Bao	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/enjoyment-bearers   These exciting tasks await you: Pleasure maker with passion: As kitchen manager, you bear the culinary responsibility within your kitchen team. You work actively and ensure that the products are processed professionally. You also take care of ordering and storage and documentation of stocks You set trends, implement new ideas and develop a wide range of culinary offers You inspire us: You have completed training as a chef (m/f/d) and already have managerial experience You are a real organizational talent and keep a cool head even in stressful situations you work independently and on your own responsibility with high quality standards you have a forward-looking and result-oriented way of working even with a high workload You can look forward to: A secure job with permanent employment and a lot of creative freedom The possibility of providing temporary accommodation and/or arranging accommodation Opportunities for further development and advancement in a diverse company Bonuses for Sundays and public holidays as well as a job ticket (also for private use) A reasonably priced staff restaurant and a selection of free drinks danches and fruit Numerous benefits such as free tickets for Phantasialand and discounts at cooperation partners Contact Kerstin Westhaus Phantasialand ? Team RecruitmentÂ  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Bruehl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:16.874000
