8142	10747	Kitchen staff (*) part-time (20h)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and committed support for our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine in Karlsruhe. Therefore we are looking for you as a... kitchen employee (*) part-time (20h) Office: Karlsruhe, Baden part-time (20h) (Monday - Friday: between 6:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.) Job number: 7615- 22-5071 Starter ... and what you bring with you First experience in gastronomy, ideally in community catering desirable Good knowledge of German Enjoying handling fresh food Reliability, independence and hospitality Main course ... and what to expect A friendly team consisting of approx. 6 colleagues support in the preparation of meals for the main course and snacks Preparation of various dishes, such as B. salads, snacks or desserts We are a team ? We support each other in serving food, in service and in the scullery Cleaning the workplace Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration, free employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes , allowance for company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Sarah Taieg, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:14.791000
