8187	10792	Kitchen help (d/f/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 33790 Halle (Westfalen) SV Business Catering GmbH Full-time or part-time possible Kitchen help (d/f/m) Well, fancy a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! What you do Help with the preparation and preparation of all dishes in the hot and cold kitchen Supervision of food distribution and cash registers Support in the conference area Independent cleaning tasks Support in the daily operations of the company What you bring Structured and independent working methods Passion for the service profession Open-minded and motivated personality Enjoying contact with guests Professional experience in a similar function, career changers welcome Flexibility, enthusiasm and a sense of responsibility Your location Together with 13 employees, you will surprise up to 340 guests in our customer’s SV Restaurant in Halle Westfalen every day with a wide range of offers: creative, seasonal dishes, fresh and varied prepared. You will work from Monday to Friday, between 7am and 4pm, depending on the roster. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Christian De Buck, Team Lead HR Recruiting	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:07:20.297000
