7572	10177	Koch / Jungkoch m/w/d	Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 150 employees at 14 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. Yes, it's true: regulated working hours, free evenings and weekends or part-time jobs cannot be reconciled with everyday life in a demanding restaurant kitchen. Unless, of course, you apply to one of our business restaurants. A high-quality, fresh and creative cuisine is just as important to us here as the compatibility of work and private life. With our friendly, appreciative team, that may not be as important to you as it is elsewhere. Sounds good? Then we look forward to receiving your application. Frühauf Genuss stands for upscale business restaurants from well-known companies and for premium event catering at unusual locations. But Frühauf Genuss also stands for freshness, quality and creative ideas. In addition, Frühauf enjoyment always and everywhere (from Munich to Hamburg and in Lichtenstein, from Saurüsselalm to Bauer in der Au) stands for pure hospitality and thoroughly happy guests. Above all, however, we stand behind each and every one of our employees with appreciation, individual support, fair remuneration and a warm team. Because we know: Only together can we ensure that our guests not only enjoy the food, but the moment. We are an expanding family business with over 160 employees at 18 locations. And at home in the areas of premium event catering and business restaurants. And who are you? For our business restaurant in Moosburg, we are looking for full-time reinforcements as a chef / young chef (m/f/d) These tasks await you with us: Preparing and preparing hot and cold dishes Attractive and professional presentation of the dishes Participation in the preparation, Planning and organization Ensuring compliance with quality and hygiene standards What we want from you: Completed vocational training as a chef (m/f/d) You would like to gain professional experience in company catering Creativity, quality awareness and an eye for detail Independent, structured and independent way of working good manners, good knowledge of German We would like to convince you with this offer: varied and responsible tasks work in a 5-day week from Monday to Friday (weekends and public holidays free) a pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team with uncomplicated cooperation Constantly growing and yet family-run company with short decision-making paths, performance-based remuneration, opportunities for further development and attractive social benefits Have we sparked your interest? Then send us your application today!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:04.723000
