8330	10935	Koch*Köchin - à la carte - Küche - (Demi) Chef de Partie	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. kitchen hero ? Culinarian ? cook*cook! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and look forward to exciting assignments in the modern kitchens of our well-known customers from the hotel and catering industry and at the most exciting events in the region. Your task:   You work safely at all posts and actively and competently support the kitchen brigades of our various customers. You use your skills in the various kitchens of restaurants, hotels and businesses from the individual gastronomy and always cook with passion for your guests. Your routine and professionalism shows at events. Compliance with the HACCP specifications is a matter of course for you. Your profile: Completed vocational training as a chef Good culinary knowledge Craftsmanship & creativity Professional & independent way of working Reliability & ability to work in a team Good knowledge of spoken & written German Driving license class B an advantage We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure job A nice team , a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Compatibility of family & work Assignments according to your abilities Different employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: grants to travel expenses or a monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training and capital-forming benefits, holiday and Christmas bonuses, employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:37.763000
