8363	10968	Koch (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and committed support for our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine in Karlsruhe. That's why we're looking for you as a... Chef (*) Office: Karlsruhe, Baden full-time (Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.) Job number: 7622-22-5545 Starter ... and what What you bring Completed professional training as a cook Experience in community catering is an advantage Enjoy working with fresh and regional food Very good manners and enjoy contact with guests Creativity for varied dishes Main course ... and what you can expect A friendly team You can still be a cook with us , spoil our guests with fresh culinary highlights A feast for the eyes ? Arrange your self-prepared delicacies appetizingly in the food counter Be the host, convince with a friendly demeanor We are a team? We support each other in all areas Cleaning the workplace according to our internal hygiene standards Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, Subsidy for company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:41.834000
