7829	10434	Koch*Köchin - (Demi) Party Chef - À-la-carte - GV - Event - Küche	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. kitchen hero ? Spoon Magician ? cook*cook! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and look forward to exciting assignments in the modern kitchens of our well-known customers from the hotel and catering industry, communal catering and at the most exciting events in the region. Your task:   You support the kitchen brigades of our various customers at all posts and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. Do you serve with tweezers or would you rather fire with a goulash cannon? With us you have the opportunity to work in a wide variety of kitchens. Whether à la carte, menu or buffet, whether restaurant, canteen or event: you always cook for your guests with passion. Compliance with the HACCP specifications is a matter of course for you. Your profile: Completed vocational training as a chef Good culinary knowledge Craftsmanship & creativity Professional & independent way of working Reliability & ability to work in a team Good knowledge of spoken & written German Driving license class B an advantage We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure job A nice team , a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Compatibility of family & work Assignments according to your abilities Different employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: grants to travel expenses or a monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training and capital-forming benefits, holiday and Christmas bonuses, employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:36.349000
