8428	11033	Koch (d/w/m)	SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. 22309 Hamburg SV Business Catering GmbH Full-time cook (d/f/m) Do you love to process fresh, healthy and tasty food and conjure up delicious dishes from it? Do you like implementing creative ideas and being able to incorporate them into your job? you with us A recipe for success. Because we can do more than a canteen! What you do Independent preparation and preparation of fresh dishes "Front cooking", wok and grill station Planning, preparing and preparing meals for special events Supervision of food distribution Support in the daily running of the company What you bring Completed training as a chef or comparable professional experience Creativity and a high quality standard Clean and independent way of working Gripping, flexible, resilient and team-oriented Passion for the cooking profession and enjoys contact with guests Your advantages with us Above-tariff remuneration and a permanent employment relationship Regulated working hours, weekends off, 28 days vacation Free employee catering, we provide and clean them Workwear Open and modern work culture with space for ideas and development High product quality in modern facilities, attractive locations with good transport connections Your place of work For additional support of our SV team in the Hamburg campus of the Hanseatic Bank, we are looking for you! We offer a wide range: Varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks as well as a sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. Regulated working hours apply, primarily from Monday to Friday between 6 a.m. and 3 p.m. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Janine Schulz, HR Recruiter	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.805000
