8139	10744	Koch (m/w/d) als Springer	Cook (m/f/d) as Springer WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as a cook (m/f/d) as Springer Rhein-Main area | Full time Hours: Monday - Friday Job ID: 846-065/2023 Apply Now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive, collectively agreed remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonuses Real team spirit and a great deal of passion for what we do Regulated working hours and free weekends Parking at the locations and reimbursement of travel expenses Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities ? e.g. B. "Culinary College" or "Aramark Foodies" The tasks: Support of our various company restaurants in the Rhine-Main area Fresh preparation of dishes and their appealing presentation Friendly communication with guests and customers Compliance with hygiene and safety regulations as well as internal standards Your profile: Completed training as a chef Professional practice in the catering trade Quality awareness, flexibility and team spirit High customer and guest orientation Class B driving license and own vehicle required Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Hannes Wagner will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by email to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks Supporting our diverse company restaurants in the Rhine-Main area Fresh preparation of dishes and their appealing presentation Friendly communication with guests and customers Compliance with hygiene and safety regulations as well as internal standards Completed Apprenticeship as a chef Professional experience in gastronomy Quality awareness, flexibility and team spirit High customer and guest orientation Class B driver’s license and own vehicle required Attractive collectively agreed remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Regulated working hours and free weekends Parking at the locations and reimbursement of travel expenses Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities ? e.g. B. "Culinary College" or "Aramark Foodies" Contact Do you have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Hannes Wagner will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by email to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Ara	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:14.425000
