8286	10891	Koch*Köchin - action-packed amusement park - Hollywood in the Ruhr area	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Action hero ? kitchen star ? cooking pro! Are you looking for a varied and action-packed workplace? Then support our well-known customer, the most famous leisure and theme park in the Ruhr area, in the kitchen. Your task: The 2023 season begins and it will be hot and, as always, ready for the movies. You will become part of the kitchen team and support your new colleagues in all positions. They prepare hot and cold dishes conscientiously and independently according to the given recipes and ensure compliance with the high quality standards. In addition, you are in direct contact with the guests at one of the front cooking stations or swing the spoon in the backstage area. You implement the guidelines of the HACCP concept safely and reliably. Requirement profile: Completed vocational training as a chef Experience in a canteen kitchen Craftsmanship & quality awareness Well-groomed appearance & good manners Professional & independent way of working Reliability & ability to work in a team Good knowledge of spoken & written German We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure full-time job A nice Team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Work in a 5-day week from Monday to Sunday Plannable & flexible shift models A fair & punctual salary Conscientious training by our customers on site Good accessibility with Public transport or car Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your adventure in the spotlight begins today! Apply now! Our branch manager Mrs. Jessica Barlik-Luce is already looking forward to seeing you!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.376000
