8013	10618	Koch (w/m/d)	Experience the most exciting time in HafenCity! CARLS at the Elbphilharmonie is casual and lively? in the style of French brasseries and bistros. You will find the piece of France in a fantastic location right next to Hamburg's new landmark and with a total of two different gastronomic areas: CARLS Brasserie, CARLS Bistro and CARLS Wine Bar. Are you looking for a job with variety? Do you like to be on the move and do you like it when things are turbulent around you? Would you like to deal with people in your job? Do you want your professional career to enable you to go abroad? In the CARLS at the Elbphilharmonie, enjoyment and social gatherings are lived: in the style of French brasseries and bistros. You will find the piece of France in a fantastic location right next to Hamburg's Elbphilharmonie and with a total of three different gastronomic areas: CARLS Brasserie, CARLS Bistro and CARLS Weinbar. Do you share our joy when French feel-good cuisine makes the hearts of your guests beat faster with a high-class yet down-to-earth offer? Would you like to join our committed and motivated team? We should get to know each other! Lateral entrants are also very welcome. Your tasks Preparing the workplace for lunch and dinner Preparing and preparing the à la carte dishes at the respective station according to given recipes Independent management of a station Compliance with food hygiene and paying attention to cleanliness Your profile Completed training as a chef (m /f/d) as well as some professional experience is an advantage, but not a must Also welcome as a career changer Enthusiasm for a modern and innovative kitchen with a high demand for quality awareness Enjoy working in a team, but at the same time work independently Our offer: A permanent employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording Discounted job ticket for public transport with employer subsidy You, your family and friends can travel to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels at a reduced price , the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers If required, accommodation in one of our staff apartments Contact: CARLS at the Elbphilharmonie Julia Bücker Am Kaiserkai 69 20457 Hamburg +49 40 300 322 139 hr.carls@dsr-hotelholding.de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:58.956000
