7047	9652	Koordinator*in OGS	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. With our open all-day care (OGS) we enable families to reconcile professional and educational activities and support children in their development on their individual educational path. We are now looking for a coordinator (f/m/d) for our open all-day school on Niederkasseler Straße with 39 hours per week. 27.50 weekly hours are unlimited and 11.5 weekly hours are limited as sickness cover. Cooperation with a school management with a lot of creative freedom Active implementation and further development of the pedagogical concept Diverse area of ​​responsibility: holiday planning, ped. Working on the child and leading a team of 12 in 5 groups Active cooperation with the parents Networking (school, parents, educational providers) Management of the budget, creation of service, vacation and training plans State-approved educator or social worker* Social pedagogue (diploma or bachelor's degree) Positive attitude to the AWO principles Technical and professional competence, empathy, organizational talent Willingness to actively implement the ped. concept, enjoy working with children and parents Structured and independent work Ability to work in a team, flexibility and a sense of responsibility Leadership qualities and good cooperation with the OGS team, parents, school management and teachers Safe handling of MS Office programs Experience with the open system Severely disabled applicants are given special consideration in the case of equal suitability. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) including an annual bonus Good work-life balance thanks to 39 hours/week (full-time) and 30 days of vacation Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Cheaper on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket Mobile working One apprenticeship - many possible uses within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many perspectives You know who suits us: Advertise Specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: social and care advice Living values: tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council bodies and representatives for severely disabled people A committed, appreciative and open team	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:05:00.549000
