4658	7263	Legal counsel in the legal department	Job ID:
V000053815

Location:
Eschborn

Period of use:
05/01/2023

Area of ​​Expertise:
Right

Type of enployment:
Full or part time

Your tasks

- Contact person for legal questions from all organizational units of GIZ in Germany as well as from the offices and projects in the partner countries
- Responsible and independent processing of inquiries, especially in contract law, public procurement law, company law, non-profit law, price law and in many areas of international business transactions
- Support in the development of legally compliant, creative solutions
- Independent management and support in contract negotiations with governments, the EU, international organizations and other national and international partners of GIZ
- Advice and negotiation of fundamental issues with departments of the Federal Government, in particular the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development


your profile

- Two legal state examinations with a total of at least 16 points
- Good knowledge of current German and European law
- Interest in development policy issues and international cooperation
- Current or recent professional experience in a law firm or in the legal department of a company
- Experience in developing countries, e.g. through employment, study visits, internships or legal clerkship is desirable
- Business fluent knowledge of German and English as well as fluent knowledge of French or Spanish


Hints

The position is suitable for full-time or part-time employment.

Willingness to undertake regular business trips is required.

We are looking for several colleagues at the Bonn and Eschborn locations.

The start date is flexible.

In order to ensure and further strengthen GIZ's ability to deliver, the willingness to work under changing conditions at home and abroad is of great interest to the company.

Please understand that we can only accept and process applications via our e-recruiting system. After confirming the successfully created application, we ask you to check your spam / junk folder regularly, as some providers classify emails from our eRecruiting system as spam.


About Us

Your professional and personal development is important to us. At GIZ you will therefore find worldwide job opportunities and an atmosphere characterized by diversity, respect and true equal opportunities. Promoting gender equality is a matter of course for us. Our services are also impressive in terms of work-life balance and family friendliness. Flexible working hours adapted to your life situation are an integral part of our corporate culture.

GIZ is a signatory to the Diversity Charter. Recognition, appreciation and inclusion of diversity in the company are important to us. All employees should experience appreciation - regardless of gender and gender identity, nationality, ethnic origin, religion or world view, disability, age, social background, sexual orientation.

We would like to increase the proportion of people with disabilities and would be happy to receive appropriate applications.


Contact & application
HR Service Center
kundenportal-rueckfragen@giz.de	Jurist/in	None	2023-03-07 16:00:06.900000
