7711	10316	Legal representative (m/f/d)	The SIXT legal department processes and oversees all legal matters that arise in the SIXT Group. This covers the entire range of commercial and civil law as well as smaller areas of public law. During your legal or electoral internship, this gives you the opportunity to get to know the in-house work at a leading global mobility service provider and not only to solve legal problems, but also to classify them in their economic context and to provide support on national and international issues. Sounds exciting? Then apply now for your (of course remunerated) position as a trainee lawyer (m/f/d) at SIXT in Munich. What you do with us: You are part of the team in our legal department, where a variety of tasks await you in many areas of law You work on legal issues independently and are directly involved in in-house consulting You independently draw up contracts and work out proposals for solutions You accompany our legal department in meetings and Contract negotiations You have the opportunity to align the technical focus of your work according to your interests You will receive a personal mentor for the time with us What you bring with you: You have completed your law studies with an above-average result in the first state examination You work in a structured, problem-solving, reliable and can quickly familiarize yourself with new areas of responsibility You are a team player and would like to work in a dynamic environment You are motivated and stand out for your own initiative and confident demeanor You have very good written and spoken German and English skills Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our Law & Taxes teams are our internal consulting units of the SIXT organization. Together with international colleagues, the teams take on and support numerous projects from a tax and legal perspective and help to make important decisions on a daily basis. Working in the Law & Taxes departments at SIXT stands for a varied range of topics, short decision-making processes and a friendly, collegial atmosphere. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT there is a first-class customer experience	Jurist/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:21.798000
