7049	9654	Legal guardian, social worker, social pedagogue * social pedagogue	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. More and more people are no longer able to cope without outside help in old age and are dependent on legal care. This is where the AWO support association comes into play, supporting people who are no longer able to regulate their personal, economic or legal affairs independently. Do you have heart and lion courage? Are you an everyday hero with superpowers and a fighter with kid gloves? Then tell us what your AWO power is! - Without you it doesn't work - Start: Immediately Location: 40229 Düsseldorf Employment: Part-time/full-time, 30-39 hours/week, unlimited Position: Social worker/social pedagogue as legal supervisor (m/f/d) Will my money last until the end of the month? How can I apply for housing benefit? Are all running costs paid? Which doctor should I see? Will my treatment be covered by health insurance? These are all important questions that you, as the personally appointed legal guardian, will answer for your clients. You maintain reliable contact with the people you care for (e.g. during regular consultation hours) and make decisions for and above all with those you care for You document your work conscientiously (e.g. in the form of reports for the supervisory court) You coordinate with your colleagues* internally and represent each other A degree in social work, social pedagogy or comparable basic knowledge of childcare law and social legislation A high degree of (self-)organizational ability and a confident and appreciative demeanor Understanding and acceptance of people in special life situations   Severely disabled applicants in the case of equal suitability, special consideration will be given. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus annual bonus Look forward to extra vacation in addition to your 30 days of vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Secure, permanent employment with flexible working time models Good work-life balance thanks to 39 hrs/week (full-time), flextime and home office Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Cheaper on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket An apprenticeship – many opportunities within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many Prospects You know who suits us: Recruit skilled workers and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work	Legal Advisor	None	2023-03-07 16:05:00.793000
