6140	8745	Licensed psychological psychotherapist (f/m/d) in the Christophorus Klinik am Schloss...	Licensed psychological psychotherapist (f/m/d) in the Christophorus Klinik am Schlossgarten (D端lmen)
 The Christophorus Klinik am Schlossgarten D端lmen is a specialist hospital for psychiatry and psychotherapy. It performs the task of inpatient and semi-inpatient treatment of mentally ill adults in the compulsory and standard care for the approximately 220,000 inhabitants of the Coesfeld district. As part of the Christophorus carrier company in Coesfeld, it works in close cooperation with the specialist departments of the Christophorus clinics in D端lmen, Coesfeld and Nottuln. The modern specialist clinic has 120 internally differentiated inpatient and 40 day clinic treatment places. In addition, more than 1,400 patients are treated in the psychiatric outpatient clinic every quarter. In cooperation with the Caritas association in the district of Coesfeld, the clinic operates outpatient rehabilitation for addicted patients close to where they live. There is also an outpatient service for substitution treatment for opiate-dependent patients. The wide range of treatments offered by the clinic includes all mental illnesses in adulthood, including addiction and gerontopsychiatric illnesses. The treatment of patients is based on disorder-specific treatment offers and individual treatment plans. The focus here is on relationship continuity and the inclusion of the family and the social environment. There is a wide range of cooperation with the regional social-psychiatric institutions, the social-psychiatric service of the health department, the Alzheimer's Society, resident specialists and general practitioners and the association for the promotion of psychosocial services in the district of Coesfeld.


ID:
KAS-2023-000354

Designation:
Licensed psychological psychotherapist (f/m/d) in the Christophorus Klinik am Schlossgarten (D端lmen)

professional group:
medical service

entry date:
Next time

Tasks:

Contact:
dr Bartels Senior Physician Tel.: 02594 9201

 Join our team and shape psychiatry with us, the most diverse field of medicine.
 The Christophorus Klinik am Schlossgarten is a specialist hospital for psychiatry and psychotherapy. Since 1993, the clinic has been responsible for the inpatient and semi-inpatient treatment of mentally ill adults in the compulsory and standard care for the approximately 220,000 inhabitants of the Coesfeld district. The modern specialist clinic has 120 internally differentiated inpatient and 40 day clinic treatment places. The range of treatments offered by the clinic includes all mental illnesses in adulthood, including addiction and gerontopsychiatric illnesses.
Apply now	Psychologist	None	2023-03-07 16:03:09.545000
