203	2808	Lifeguard (m/f/d)	About Us
The Seepark Ternsche is a destination for everyone who is looking for peace and relaxation, but also variety and leisure fun at the same time.
The Ternscher See is a fantastic bathing lake with a sandy beach and a large sunbathing area. Swimming, stand-up paddling or floating on the air mattress - everyone will find their favorite pastime around the water.
The beach café offers day visitors and overnight guests drinks, ice cream and, in addition to classic snacks, some special delicacies with a wonderful view of the water from the terrace.
The campsite is directly adjacent to the lido, with pitches for long-term and seasonal campers as well as a secluded area directly on the lake shore for short-term campers. Above the sandy beach you can stay in our safari tents or in the Swedish house - and enjoy that camping feeling with comfort without your own caravan or mobile home! Our holiday home, which we rent all year round, is located outside the camping area, but also with direct access to the lake on a fantastic property. Dogs are also welcome there. Let yourself be enchanted by the surroundings of the Seepark!

We offer you:
... an attractive salary and performance-related payment.
... working in a multicultural team with a flat hierarchy.
... balanced working hours, taking private projects into account.
... an employee discount on the items offered in the beach café.
... an employee discount for renting the "Family and Friends" rental units.

These could soon be your tasks:
• Bathing supervision and supervision of bath visitors
• Rental of SUP boards to our guests
• Control of bathing areas and materials

What you should bring with you:
You are a perfect match for us if...
... you are at least 18 years old and enjoy working in a team.
... you have the rescue certificate in silver and a current first aid certificate.
... you count an open demeanor and friendliness among your characteristics.
... you are responsible, flexible and resilient.	lifeguard	None	2023-03-07 15:50:57.429000
