6071	8676	Linux System Administrator:in Anywhere You Want Job	Linux System Administrator in Academic Professional Linux System Administrator in Where You Want-Job Start date Immediately DB Systel GmbH Informatik Full-time/Part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 205476 Job Ref. 179101 2 Job description As an employee at DB Systel, you will actively shape digitization in the group and play a key role in shaping the digital future of Deutsche Bahn. In the Works-IT project, we work together with DB Fernverkehr and establish ourselves as platform operations management and single point of contact for our partner in the direction of DB Systel. In addition, we also serve other customers in the works area. As part of a customer project at DB Fernverkehr, we are setting up operations management for the decentralized IT in the ICE plants in order to relieve them of IT tasks. The existing ESX clusters are replaced by new architectures and standardized with adapted network architectures. We are looking for you as a Linux System Administrator (f/m/d) for DB Systel GmbH as soon as possible. Like the ICE plants themselves, our team is spread across Germany and mainly works flexibly remotely, thus offering a high level of flexibility. Your tasks The main focus of your work is on the operation and the automation or optimization of the server operation and the operational management processes as well as the standardization across the various plants. You carry out and advise on projects as part of the expansion of the maintenance locations and the expansion of the services to other business areas Customers, possibly also on site. Your tasks include supporting the planning and introduction of technical concepts, also for the migration of the individual plants. You also ensure lifecycle management for the hardware used in compliance with all Deutsche Bahn specifications. You provide users and customers are the focus, aim for a successful solution and thus provide valuable impulses The willingness to participate in our on-call service to ensure 7x24h operation is obligatory and is therefore not a problem for you Your profile The basis of your career is a completed (subject -) University degree in (business) informatics or a comparable subject or an apprenticeship The complex virtualized distributed technical environment requires experience in the areas of Linux & script automation, Python, Bash, possibly PowerShell knowledge in the area of ​​VMware, GitLab CI/CD or Ansible are an advantage Ideally, you have experience in the field of operating virtual machines or their hardware platform with experience in the works area, especially in IT solutions for production companies or in the construction and operation of IT platforms in the field of server systems are helpful. You would also like to take on responsibility You are resilient, a team player and you impress with your communication skills. Fluent German and good English skills round off your profile.	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:01.050000
