7549	10154	Locksmith maintenance for carousels and roller coasters (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. Have you worked as a fitter, mechanical engineer, industrial mechanic, plant mechanic, service technician (m/f/d) or learned another technical profession? You don't feel like doing assembly work or working days in a factory? Then keep our rides in perfect condition with your maintenance and repairs and make young and old happy with your work! Become our new locksmith (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in everyday work: Commissioning, control, maintenance and repair of rides and technical systems Carrying out recurring tests on systems throughout the park Identifying and isolating errors in the event of a fault, troubleshooting and maintenance work such as dismantling, cleaning, examining, replacing wearing parts and other maintenance work. Our benefits A varied range of tasks in the BELANTIS between Huracan and Drachenritt Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription variants), free parking, free rental bike Lots of goodies such as a free season pass for yourself, your partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50? for the main meal), discounts from numerous partners Maintenance mechanic (m/f/d) or similar Height fitness according to G41 Independence, sense of responsibility, reliability You understand and speak German well Your adventure A permanent employment contract as a mechanical service technician at BELANTIS Your working hours A competitive fixed salary, a reliable shift system, an annual working time account, none Mondays, no night shifts Your remuneration Fixed salary (non-tariff) on a negotiable basis Working methods & team You work in a team of 10 (1 team leader) and with a permanent partner (electrician) Your start is possible immediately Convinced? Then apply with your CV, your certificates and your salary expectations. Our application process usually consists of a personal interview, a trial day to get to know the team is also possible at any time. If you have any questions, please contact Marlene Woloszyn, Senior Manager HR (Phone / Whatsapp 0151 147 301 09 or personal@belantis.de). Already knew? We are part of the Amazon / YouTube series "Amusement Park Heroes". You want to get an idea of ​​the work of our technicians? Then take a look! Amusement park heroes on YouTube	Plant mechanic	None	2023-03-07 16:06:01.882000
