84	2733	Machinist - processing and conveyor systems (m/f/d)	About Us
As a family business, we have been a service provider in green waste recycling and energy supply for more than 30 years.
We have a versatile machine fleet that is used depending on the requirements.
Our approx. 100 employees work at different locations,
the main office is in Erkheim in the beautiful Allgäu.
Located directly on the A96, we are connected to a good infrastructure.
The sustainable company concept contributes significantly to improving the ecological balance.
We work on behalf of our customers in terms of the conservation and care of natural resources,
for nature and its conservation,
and make a significant contribution to the energy transition in the Allgäu.
We look forward to welcoming you as part of our community.

We offer you:
Our offer to you:
A family working atmosphere in which you can feel comfortable over the long term.
A permanent employment relationship.
A performance-related remuneration.
A system-relevant workplace
Working in nature for nature
travel allowance
Subsidized retirement savings
30 days vacation freely plannable
expenses
Paid driver training courses

These could soon be your tasks:
Your day with us looks like this:
Your future activities will include operating our shredder and screening plant. Loading is done with a wheel loader.
You will receive daily orders from our disposition, which you will complete on your own responsibility.
In very rare exceptional cases and by arrangement, overnight stays may be necessary.
However, these are made available to the machinist whether he is willing to do so.
They drive to commercial or municipal customers and shred materials such as green waste or bark on site at their collection points, usually composting plants or sawmills. Depending on the client and their quality requirements, the material must
sieved and fractionated into different grain sizes.
Your machine park consists of a transport truck for transporting the wheel loader and the attached work machine such as a screening plant or shredder.

What you should bring with you:
Your strengths and qualifications:
You have a CE driving license.
They are reliable and friendly when dealing with our customers.
You enjoy environmental issues.
You are resilient and have technical understanding	forest machine operator	None	2023-03-07 15:50:42.604000
