5921	8526	Machine and plant operator for pipe extrusion (m/f/x)	Enetec is a group of manufacturing companies in Germany and Italy. We produce at 3 locations, products for use in building services, here primarily for surface heating and cooling. Our main technologies are plastic pipe extrusion, plastic injection molding and the foaming of insulating materials. With more than 30 years of experience and constant further development, we have made a name for ourselves worldwide that stands for innovative products, the latest production technologies and customer loyalty. Our products are distributed worldwide to our OEM partners. At our location in Germany in Kleve on the Lower Rhine, we extrude our plastic pipes in dimensions from 8 mm to 32 mm. Our complete extrusion lines and downstream equipment have been developed and designed exclusively for us by renowned German mechanical engineers together with the Fraunhofer Institute and the Ministry for Innovation, Science, Research and Technology of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia. A technically outstanding coextrusion paired with a highly demanding quality control and constant proximity to the customer enable us to sell our pipes on the world market competitively, permanently and successfully. "Made in Germany" is our guarantee for success. Thanks to this successful and sustainable development, we are now looking for you to expand our team at our location in Kleve on the Lower Rhine as: Machine and plant operator for pipe extrusion (M/F/D) Your tasks: Setting up and operating extrusion plants Installing and removing extrusion tools Organisation/coordination of set-up processes and work allocation Setting up and operating other peripheral devices Constant optimization of set-up times and improvement of production processes Implementation of quality controls Sampling of new tools Your qualifications: Vocational training as a machine and system operator, preferably specializing in plastics and rubber technology Comparable completed vocational training is also possible possible and accepted Experience as a machine and system operator with a focus on extrusion is desirable Willingness to work in shifts 24/7 in a 5-shift system with a high proportion of free time A reliable, systematic and goal-oriented way of working Team and communication skills, resilience, stress resistance and fun with challenges Your strengths : You are characterized by a high sense of responsibility and the will to succeed. You know that quality is the key factor in a company's success. What you can expect: Open and dynamic atmosphere of a successful family business Attractive remuneration and comprehensive social benefits Private health insurance, treatment by the chief physician/single room for inpatient stays in the hospital Active pension scheme Bicycle leasing E-Bike Flexible working hours and much more If we have sparked your interest and you will become part of our success then please send your application to: michael.frenzel@enetec.info Enetec Plastics GmbH Kalkarer Str. 81 - Halle 26 D-47533 Kleve T +49 2821 89 88 00 www.enetec.info	Machine and plant operator (without specifying the focus)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.503000
