7736	10341	Maid assistance as a replacement during parental leave (f|m|d)	Housekeeping assistant as a substitute during parental leave (f|m|d) We are hiring: Housekeeping assistant as a substitute during parental leave (w|m|d) Apply NOW Apply with WhatsApp Full or part-time HARBR. hotel & boardinghouse Leonberger Str. 6, 71638 Ludwigsburg, Germany The DQuadrat Living Spirit is special - also in the HARBR. hotel Ludwigsburg We at HARBR. don't want to reinvent the hotel world. Just do better. Be closer to people. to his needs. That's why we always ask ourselves how we would like it best. Because through our own experience we know what is missing in many other houses. What you miss as a guest when you're on the go. At HARBR. close. Hospitality and warmth, personality and openness, authenticity and reliability as well as respect, tolerance and a sense of responsibility? these values ​​serve as our compass. - And what does hospitality mean to you? They form the basis for our daily work and for dealing with you, our employees, guests, colleagues, suppliers and partners. Are you already shouting "Ahoy!" because our feeling and understanding of hospitality coincides with yours? Hire with us now: Help us to spread this feeling in our house. We are not just looking for employees, we are looking for ambassadors and people with a passion for their job. These are your tasks: With your keen sense of cleanliness, organization and your eye for detail, you guarantee the basis for the well-being of our guests at HARBR. Hotel Ludwigsburg. You come as a reliable replacement for our housekeeper, who will go on maternity leave! You convince with your hospitable, organized manner and: With the most important result of your work: satisfied guests and a clean hotel your good organization of the floor staff: inside with the establishment of duty rosters with daily control of the cleanliness your independent and self-responsible handling of all matters in housekeeping your active personal commitment your cost-conscious action in all organizational tasks What you bring with you: You have well-founded experience in a comparable position or you want to take the next step in your career! A high sense of responsibility and quality is a matter of course for you. You have assertiveness, high motivation and commitment. You are open-minded and enjoy working with people. Dealing with hotel systems does not give you headaches. What you can expect from us: Working in the world's best hotel team! An attractive workplace in HARBR. hotel Ludwigsburg with fair remuneration and a fixed-term employment relationship in the parental leave replacement for at least 12 months We are a fair job hotel and a kununu top company 2023 Individual further training offers Tax-free vouchers The opportunity to contribute personally with a high degree of independence in a familiar and motivated team Regular employee appraisals and the opportunity for feedback discussions at any time A dynamically growing environment in which independent work is encouraged If you have any questions, Fiona Bishop will be happy to answer them at Tel.: fiona.bishop@harbr.de HARBR. ? a brand of DQuadrat LIVING GmbH Apply with WhatsApp Apply now	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:06:24.841000
