8384	10989	Maid assistant (m/f/d)	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. The Hotel Victory Therme Erding was opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to our Victory guest house - there are another 94 modern rooms. Do you fancy it? to create an extraordinary, unforgettable and carefree guest experience. to actively participate in the instruction and control of the chambermaids / room boys as well as in the room checks according to the standards of our house. ensure a smooth workflow together with your teammates. to always keep an eye on the inventory in the floor office as well as in the laundry, cleaning and consumables warehouse. to coordinate current daily and special tasks in absence and with the agreement of the head housekeeper. To be the contact person for guest requests and to coordinate their fulfillment independently or to pass them on to the head housekeeper. To pass on your positive charisma to our guests and your colleagues. to do all work within the team responsibly, factually correct and on time and thus to contribute to the economic success of the company. With us on board you need... an open and cordial host personality. They approach our guests with joy and friendliness. a high level of service and quality thinking with an eye for cleanliness and order. Good verbal and written communication skills in German. Independence, initiative, resilience and a sense of responsibility. You enjoy working in a team and are flexible in terms of time. passion for the job. We also welcome career changers and all nationalities We inspire you with... a unique job with the opportunity to help shape a motivated team. performance-related remuneration. Flexible duty roster design, taking your wishes into account. an electronic time recording system with which every hour is registered. the use of the F&B offer (benefits in kind) of our house. diverse training opportunities. the use of the hotel's own fitness area, discounts in over 500 hotels in DACH and other internal discounts within the hotel. We look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form/by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations.	Housekeeper	None	2023-03-07 16:07:44.409000
