3417	6022	Maintenance mechanic metal construction (m/f/x)	Maintenance mechanic metal construction (m/f/x)

team

metal construction

Location

Aachen
(Team: Oberhausen)

contract term

Indefinite

contract type

full time

About Us

K&S Gesellschaft für Gebäudetechnik mbH was founded in 1999 and today employs over 160 people. Our focus is on the technical building equipment, primarily for public facilities.

We are agile and live flat hierarchies. This is implemented by building up our departments of refrigeration, air conditioning and ventilation technology, electrical engineering, heating and sanitary technology as well as metal construction technology as close-knit teams.

In addition to our headquarters in Oberhausen, we have a second branch in Merzenich (Cologne area).

This is particularly important to us

At K&S, we attach great importance to close and human contact with one another. We want to create a healthy, friendly and successful environment for our customers and employees alike. This is what each individual is asked to do.

Since our orders are very varied, you can expect a particularly varied working day with us. It is therefore important to us that you enjoy learning new things.

your future area of ​​responsibility

• Primary: maintenance of doors, gates, barriers and windows
• Partly also repair work on the same
• General metalwork

Apply now for this position

You should bring that with you

• Experience servicing doors, gates, barriers and/or windows is desirable
• Knowledge of Microsoft Office for maintenance documentation
• Certificate of good conduct without entries
• Good knowledge of German
• Category B driver's license is required
• Friendliness and motivation complete your profile

Does your profile not match this area of ​​responsibility?

No problem! We are also interested in motivated career changers. You will learn everything you need to know for your future job with us. Simply apply for this:

Apply proactively now

That's what we offer

Family working atmosphere

Flat hierarchies

Varied working day

Punctual salary payments

Personal- Professional growth

Initial and continuing education

Innovative workflows

Regulated working hours

Interested? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!

This is how it goes

• You can apply directly online using our application form. Simply click on the Apply button at the bottom of the page.
• You prefer other ways?
No problem! We also consider conventional applications via e-mail and post. Simply send us your documents to the address below.

• If you have any questions, use the contact details of your contact person in advance
• We evaluate your application documents and get back to you promptly.
• Then we get to know each other personally and discuss all the details.

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

• We will only contact the current or former employer with your consent.
• We will find a suitable date for an interview that works with your working hours without any problems.

Our contact details	Metal worker - construction technology	Fair & environmentally conscious - all-round service for over 15 years

The owner-managed company K&S Gebäudetechnik with headquarters in Oberhausen offers optimal service in the areas of building technology, steel and metal construction in the area of ​​North Rhine-Westphalia, Hesse and Lower Saxony.

With more than 160 employees, we are a reliable and powerful partner for our customers who flexibly structures and implements individual requirements. A high level of quality is just as important as manageable administrative expenses at a fair price-performance ratio.	2023-03-07 15:57:33.576000
