6163	8768	Manager (f/m/d) of the day care center Bänschstraße	Kindergarten City is run by the State of Berlin and runs 56 day-care centers in the most exciting districts of Berlin: In Mitte and Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, around 1,600 employees with a lot of heart, mind and professional standards provide early childhood education, upbringing and care. You will be supported by the colleagues in the office, who among other things take care of punctual payment, healthy food in the day care center or the provision of IT equipment. Come to us, we look forward to seeing you!


Come to us as
Manager (f/m/d) of the day care center Bänschstraße

Your tasks
  You will take over the management of our Bänschstraße day care center in Friedrichshain with 225 places for children aged eight weeks until they start school. Your tasks include in particular:
You lead the pedagogical staff and the economic staff with your cooperative management style.
 You design the operational processes and are responsible for occupational health and safety in your daycare center. In addition to the qualitative requirements, you also have an eye on the economic resources.
 They represent the pedagogical guidelines of Kindergarten City as well as the other specifications of the management towards employees* and parents.
 You are responsible for the implementation of the Berlin education program and the specifications of the quality agreement for daycare facilities (QVTAG).
 You will work in a team with your management colleagues and in cooperation with your department head.
 They control the cooperation with other providers and institutions in the social area.
 They control participation and inclusion processes.
 You are responsible for and control the concept and quality development in the day care center and ensure the implementation of children's rights.
 You develop the employees in your day care center in a resource-oriented manner and according to strengths and interests. Team development and team training is controlled and carried out by you.


 your qualification
   You are a social worker i.S. of § 10 KitaFöG and § 11 Para. 2 VOKitaFöG and have at least two years of professional experience in the socio-educational field. In addition, you have an additional qualification for management activities in social institutions or proven further training in the field of management/management or more than two years of management experience in a day-care center.
  In addition to your methodical knowledge of quality development and assurance of the pedagogical work in the daycare center, you have in-depth knowledge of the BBP. They have experience in dealing with children with special needs and are familiar with the latest research on early childhood development. Your staff in the day-care center will guide you in an appreciative, trusting manner and at eye level. You are there to advise them and have the ability to explain technical matters in a plausible and understandable way. They have already gained experience in working with families from different backgrounds.
  Your personal way of working is characterized by the ability to work in a team, the ability to reflect and a willingness to make decisions. You are open and flexible towards new things. IT skills and the willingness to familiarize yourself with new software complete your profile.
  our range
Meaningful tasks in a Berlin company
Diverse design options and an appreciative corporate culture
 Diverse opportunities for personal development within the framework of demanding further training
 Salary according to TV-L in salary group S18. You can expect a gross monthly salary of between EUR 4,129.77 and EUR 6,211.42 (based on 39.4 hours) depending on professional experience. The classification for managers depends on the actual number of children in the day-care center. It is adjusted annually based on the average occupancy of the day-care center in the last three months of the previous year.
 Tariff benefits according to TV-L (including annual special payment and company pension scheme)
 Capital allowance of EUR 150 per month. Alternatively, you can receive a tax-free subsidy for the environmental ticket and the resulting difference to the capital city allowance.
 Support in finding a daycare place for your children in one of our daycare centers


Have we piqued your interest?
  We look forward to receiving your complete documents (cover letter, curriculum vitae, proof of qualifications) by March 22, 2023, preferably electronically via our careers website www.kitakarriere.berlin or by email to karriere@kindergaertencity.de. If you have any questions about the application process, Stefanie Rabe and Nadine Klein are available on Tel.: (030) 587 580-163 /-169	Kindergarten leader	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.379000
