6051	8656	Manager: in Regional Repair South (f/m/d), Katzwanger S	Head of Regional Maintenance South (f/m/d) Katzwanger Str. 175, 90461 Nuremberg Start date January 1, 2023 DB Netz AG Transport Infrastructure Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 179908 Job Ref. 155842 2 Job description We are looking for you as a manager in regional maintenance south for DB Netz AG at the Nuremberg location as soon as possible. As head of regional repair, you are responsible for the region-wide implementation of repair and rehabilitation measures. In addition, the performance, result and expense control within the framework of the special requirements and task realization of the organizational units repair KIB (structural engineering), maintenance of LST (control and safety technology), superstructure welding and plant refurbishment are your focal points. you directly and indirectly manage a total of approx. 250 employees and report directly to the head of facility and maintenance management in the southern region. Your tasks Order planning and control of the regional repair units on behalf of the units AIM (Acoustic Infrastructure. Monitoring) Netz and third parties Carrying out the assignments coordinated with the AIM Netz for the repair of KIB and LST systems, superstructure and superstructure welding work Carrying out the commissioned dismantling measures, area clearance , soil remediation (projects to eliminate ecological contamination), measures of the 3-stage sewer program, measures for track drainage and measures for roadway repair Management of a monitoring register for the region according to the recycling and waste law and according to the guidelines of the DB Netze Track business unit Participation in usage and area concepts, in the development of the 3-i strategy and in usage contracts for the infrastructure of the infrastructure, assuming the function of commissioned railway company. You are also responsible for the regional repair organizational unit, management of the operation and, in accordance with the Occupational Safety Act, for regional repair. Your profile Completed business, economics or engineering studies with several years of professional experience Several years of well-founded and relevant experience in repair and maintenance Entrepreneurial and integrative managerial personality Very good conceptual and analytical skills Great creative drive and active driving of change processes High willingness to take responsibility and assertiveness Ability to work in a team and cooperate Strong affinity for technical issues and control competence of complex ones Processes Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Serviceingenieur/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:58.568000
