8326	10931	Manager (m/f/d) gastronomy	69412 Eberbach from now full time - 40 hours/week | Usually 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. | flexible according to duty schedule | Monday - Friday (5-day week) company catering In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: As manager, you will lead your crew and the kitchen team in the company restaurant, take responsibility for the budget and regularly exchange information with the customer on all topics and wishes relating to the company. Do you ensure that the warm and cold dishes in the restaurant are perfectly prepared and presented? the eye eats with you. At the same time, do you ensure flawless administration? whether it is about merchandise management or operational accounting? and make sure that the internal apetito catering quality standards are observed. Our ingredients for you: Sunday and public holiday bonuses Holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminar offers Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours , according to the roster with a 5-day week This will whet our appetite: Completed training as a chef, further training as a master chef or business economist would be a plus, but not a must At least initial experience in community catering and appropriate specialist knowledge of goods and Business administration Ideally, confident handling of common application programs (MS Office) Strong communication skills, friendly and open-minded host personality with a pronounced service mentality, who cultivates a cooperative management style Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh from school or are a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! Gladly stating your earliest possible starting date and salary expectations. You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Ms. Kutting Tel. 0173 3220716 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 068376	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:07:37.274000
