7845	10450	Manager Restaurant (d/w/m)	The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 7,000 people, 5,000 of them in Switzerland. 12057 Berlin SV Business Catering GmbH Full-time manager restaurant (d/f/m) Are you interested in exciting cuisine and would you like fresh and varied cuisine? Then you are exactly right with us! That's what you do You run your restaurant with heart and mind Together with your team you ensure first-class service in the restaurant and in the kitchen area You have a high degree of creativity and know-how in the kitchen and know how to implement this in daily use in the kitchen By training and promoting your team, you actively control its further development Business management and ensuring compliance with merchandise management processes What you bring to the table Completed training as a chef and relevant professional and managerial experience Trainer suitability desirable Additional business management qualifications or corresponding further training as well as sound PC knowledge Creativity and high quality standards Passion for the service profession and enjoy contact with guests Your place of work In the SV restaurant of our customer in Berlin, together with your team of six, you and your team of six will spoil up to 100 guests every day with a wide range of offers: varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks from morning to night as well as one sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. The establishment is open 7 days a week and offers breakfast, lunch and dinner. You work preferably from Monday to Friday, in the early shift and are flexibly available for occasional assignments in the evening or at the weekend. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Christian De Buck, Team Lead HR Recruiting	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:38.307000
