3636	6241	Management trainer / personnel developer (m/f/d)	A variety of tasks await you
They ensure that the AOK Lower Saxony has a competitive workforce at employee and managerial level.
You will advise, train and coach executives at all levels throughout Lower Saxony and enable them to use suitable management and control instruments in the long term. This takes place both in the face-to-face setting and online.
In cooperation with the respective departments (analogue and digital), you develop personnel development concepts on different topics and manage personnel development projects.
They recognize new trends and check them for their implementation in the AOK Lower Saxony.

Your skills
You are a psychologist with a focus on work and organizational psychology, an economist with a focus on human resources, a business educator or have a comparable qualification.
You have several years of professional experience in personnel development (training, coaching, consulting, conception) and are characterized by digital affinity, especially in relation to the application and implementation of HR-relevant tools
You are familiar with common and up-to-date concepts, methods and instruments of personnel development, behavior control, agile management and digital transformation.

These are your benefits
You will be part of a committed team that enthusiastically promotes currently relevant management topics such as hybrid and virtual work and creates innovative learning environments.
We offer you general and subject-specific further training in our in-house training center or online via our digital learning platform.
With our flexible working models, you can work from home up to 2 days a week.
Combine your professional and private life: You can generally do your work full-time or part-time freely in a flextime framework between 6:30 a.m. and 8:00 p.m.
An annual health subsidy of EUR 175 supports e.g. Your membership in a sports club, in a gym or when you bought a bike.
Through our partner platforms "Machtfit" and "Corporate Benefits" we offer exclusive employee conditions with well-known providers.
In addition to an attractive collective wage agreement according to group BAT 11/AOK-Neu, we offer you various social benefits such as a company pension scheme as well as Christmas and holiday bonuses.

You can find a comprehensive overview of our employee benefits here.

We will gladly answer your questions
Find out more about the area of ​​responsibility directly from your contact person, Dr. Ezequiel Fernandez Castelao on 0511/8701 15630 or with Ulrike Köhler on 0511/8701 15600.
You can get information on the status of your application from our applicant office on 0511/8701 8701 0.

additional text
Applications from severely disabled people are expressly encouraged.	Business Psychologist	The AOK Lower Saxony is one of the largest employers in the future-oriented healthcare sector in Lower Saxony. Just as we are committed to our customers, we are also a reliable and fair partner for our 6,750 employees. You are our most important asset. As an employer, we offer our employees excellent framework conditions for their success and career. We make it possible to reconcile performance with life planning, leisure time and family.
Vocational training or a course of study at the AOK Lower Saxony offers you a wide range of career opportunities in exciting and dynamic fields.	2023-03-07 15:58:00.549000
