7459	10064	Masseur:in - Freelance or hourly wage	Masseur:in - freelance or hourly wage at Vorbrück GmbH & Co KG - ANDERS Hotel | softgarden View job here Masseur:in - Freelance or on an hourly wage part-time Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 11, 29664 Walsrode, Germany With professional experience 11/02/22 THIS ARE WE: In the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode with its spacious conference center and the extraordinary "Experience?Restaurant ANDERS" we live for encounters with guests. With our cheerful warmth, lively minds, colorful ideas and good mood, our diverse team makes this DIFFERENCE tangible. This makes guests and, of course, employees feel equally comfortable. Facts about the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode? perfect location between Hamburg, Hanover and Bremen at the Walsroder Dreieck? 75 modern, comfortable rooms in the 3* category - also available as 3-/4-bed rooms ? 13 function rooms and the event hall Courage ? our experience restaurant ANDERS on two floors with the terrace under the maxi umbrella Children's ANDERland and play ship ?Wilde Lucy? ? Events in the area of ​​conferences, weddings, family & company celebrations Your area of ​​responsibility: Carrying out classic massages (e.g. foot reflex zones, neck and back massage. Working e.g. with aromatic oil) Professional advice and care of the guests Responsibility for hygiene and order in the treatment rooms Collaboration in other sub-areas if required (e.g. in the sauna area) What do we bring with us? a performance-based and / or sales-related payment a really cool team staff catering in the restaurant? like our guests! Financial advantages for you such as company pension schemes and capital-forming benefits exchange with colleagues hotels many large and event events different work areas (hotel, conference, restaurant) highly qualified and certified trainers friendly and fair management further training in many areas modern hardware and software internal celebrations among colleagues In-house training courses we are among the TOP 250 conference hotels in Germany we are a ?fair job hotel? digital time recording because we don't like to see overtime certified as an ?Excellent training company? What are you bringing? Experience in at least two of the massage techniques listed above. Training in a recognized profession and of course YOU! with your personality and your experiences. About everything else we chat extensively. And if the journey is too far, we would be happy to invite you to an overnight stay. And now? Would you like to shape the hotel world of tomorrow with us and really make a difference? Then apply. We are looking forward to your application. Apply online Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by softgarden	Masseur and medical lifeguard	None	2023-03-07 16:05:50.810000
