1470	4075	Master carpenter (m/f/d)	We look forward to your application as:

Master carpenter (m/f/d) in 86391 Stadtbergen for direct placement in permanent employment!

Our customer is a growing, medium-sized carpentry shop that mainly operates in the greater Augsburg area. Individual furniture, doors, windows, stairs and much more are manufactured with new woodworking machines and the latest CNC technology. Furthermore, all construction and renovation work will be carried out turnkey.

Our customer offers you a secure job with a permanent employment contract, an interesting and varied work environment with the opportunity to contribute your own ideas at any time and to take on responsibility right from the start. Thanks to short decision-making processes and plenty of room for personal initiative, you can develop your full potential.

Your future tasks:

• Customer support and processing of customer inquiries
• Creation and visualization of drafts, sketches and workshop/production drawings
• Preparation of offers and invoices
• Coordination of delivery and assembly
• Independent and varied work

Your profile:

• Completed vocational training as a master carpenter/wood technician (m/f/d)
• Exact and quality-oriented way of working
• Strong communication skills, organizational skills and ability to work in a team

Onboarding & flight altitude

As a new team member, you will receive the support of experienced colleagues from day one to quickly reach flight altitude.

This is how it goes!

Please apply directly online by clicking on the apply now for this position button.
If you have any questions, use the contact details of your contact person in advance.
We make an appointment with you, get to know each other personally and discuss all the details.

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Telephone interviews and job interviews can also take place after work

We are your empathetic and solution-oriented HR consultancy specializing in recruiting and applicant management
For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions.
We accompany our applicants free of charge, anonymously and discreetly through the entire application process.

All job advertisements are always aimed at male, female and diverse applicants, regardless of age, gender, origin, sexual orientation, disability, religion and ideology. Applicants are selected solely on the basis of their qualifications.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!	Master carpenter	We, NEYC Consulting, are your empathetic and solution-oriented personnel consultancy. For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions. We develop successful recruitment solutions for our customers and support companies from various industries in their search for the right employees.
We are actively looking for the dream job for our applicants. Applicant management is free, discreet and anonymous. Apply to our open vacancies or send an unsolicited application.	2023-03-07 15:53:33.793000
