8247	10852	Mechanic (m/w/d)	Dreams come true at LEGOLAND® Deutschland Resort with 64 attractions, 10 themed areas and over 55 million LEGO® bricks ? It doesn't matter whether it's a wild roller coaster ride, a journey through Europe or an excursion to unseen underwater worlds. We have up to 1,100 exciting and unusual seasonal jobs waiting for you in full-time, part-time, on a marginal basis or as a holiday job. Together with around 250 year-round employees, we prepare our guests an unforgettable visit experience. On request, we will be happy to check whether we can offer you accommodation in our staff accommodation. Ready for an exciting job at LEGOLAND? Apply now! Are you an industrial mechanic, automotive mechatronics technician, cutting machine operator, tool mechanic, plant mechanic, construction mechanic (m/f/d) or have you completed a comparable apprenticeship? Then we have exactly the right job for you as a mechanic (m/f/d) What you do with us: Together with your teammates, you take care of the inspection and maintenance of rides and facilities all year round. You keep a cool head when it comes to eliminating disruptions to attractions during park operations. You conscientiously document all inspections and repairs that have been carried out. You enjoy taking on preparatory tasks and supporting activities while the TÜV inspections are being carried out by the experts. When you fit in with us: You have successfully completed your vocational training in the metal sector. You like to work in a structured way. You don't have a head for heights when working at height and you enjoy working outdoors. Since our amusement park is open daily during the season, you should be willing to work shifts and weekends. We look forward to seeing you! In addition to a permanent position and numerous benefits, you can expect an extraordinary job in a unique working environment. Please send us your application documents, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date, preferably by email to jobs@LEGOLAND.de or by post to LEGOLAND Deutschland Freizeitpark GmbH Personalbüro LEGOLAND Allee 1 89312 Günzburg	Plant mechanic	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.616000
