5104	7709	Mechatronics technician (f/m/d) vehicle construction	BS Fischer GmbH is the personnel service provider that has set itself the goal
has found the right job for you in the right company. With us
there are no changing assignments, even short-term orders
are occupied are not a priority for us. Our customers take over
Employees after a short time in long-term and future-oriented
Employment relationships, thanks to our more than 20 years of industry experience, we can
an average of around 50 takeovers per year. Experience the
Personal service and start your next one with us
professional steps.

Our customer is one of the world's leading manufacturers of municipal vehicles. The
Product range includes compact and truck mounted sweepers, sewer cleaning
vehicles, winter service equipment and garbage trucks. In addition to innovative and
environmentally friendly products, our client attaches great importance to sustainability
and work responsibly. Careful application of standardized
Work processes ensures that the products are international in the
valued top quality. For the location in Hanover
to fill the following vacancy:

Mechatronics technician (f/m/d) in vehicle construction

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

* In your position as a mechatronics engineer you will build different ones
vehicle types.
* Adaptation of various parts is also a field of activity.
* You assemble the add-on parts according to the drawing.
* Troubleshooting, testing and correction is another part.

What sets you apart:

* You have completed training as a mechatronics technician (f/m).
already the ideal conditions for the job.
* You have experience in the assembly of various products.
* You are a team player who likes to learn new things.

What makes the customer interesting for you:

* You can expect a progressive customer / employer who has a modern
Working environment and economic stability provides.
* Look forward to numerous employee offers such as individual
training measures.
*  Cooperation at eye level between BS Fischer GmbH, you and the
customers is a matter of course.
* Independent action, flat hierarchies and broad
Freedom of design forms the framework in which active and self-confident
employees can develop at your future employer.
* This position is to be filled as part of temporary employment
Takeover by the customer is planned afterwards.
* Remuneration from €18.00 / hour.	mechatronics technician	None	2023-03-07 16:01:01.792000
