3558	6163	Medic - Project Management, Immunotherapy, Cancer Research	The German Cancer Research Center is the largest biomedical research institution in Germany. With more than 3,000 employees, we operate an extensive scientific program in the field of cancer research.

The German Cancer Research Center is seeking for the Helmholtz Institute HI-TRON in Mainz a
Senior Scientist for the Department "Personalized Immunotherapies"
(Ref-No. 2023-0068)

The Helmholtz Institute HI-TRON is a collaboration of the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) with the Research Institute for Translational Oncology at the University Medical Center of the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz (TRON gGmbH), the University Medical Center Mainz and the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz. The goal of the partnership is to develop effective immunotherapies and to identify novel biomarkers for assessing the effectiveness of treatment.
  We are looking for an excellent researcher with a strong expertise in the field of personalized immunotherapies. The position will serve to establish a translational research group close to the University Medical Center at the Johannes Gutenberg University, and support Prof. Dr. Özlem Türeci, who is a member of the HI-TRON Mainz Scientific Management Board, in leading her research group at HI-TRON Mainz. Candidates with an outstanding scientific track record and research program will have the opportunity to gain experience in co-supervising a research group, mentoring graduate students and postdocs, and guiding technical staff.

In addition to personnel responsibility, you will be responsible for scientific project management and the acquisition of third-party funding. On site, you become a key contact person for scientific matters of the department. You are a highly motivated and ambitious clinician scientist (with completed studies in medicine and a PhD, MD, or MD-PhD degree) with more than 5 years of postdoctoral experience at the time of application (periods of parental leave, care leave, or unavoidable downtime will be considered). Several years of professional experience in managing research projects is required, as well as the willingness to manage complex projects in an international setting across the institute and with collaboration partners, especially in the interface of basic, applied and clinical research. Applicants should have experience in presenting their research in an international surrounding (e.g. presentation at poster sessions, retreats, etc.).

You have profound knowledge in the field of personalized medicine, the handling of primary human tumor tissue, and management of patient data. The large interest in the identification of new tumor biomarkers and the experience in supporting the transfer of laboratory research to clinic would be a strong plus.

The scientist should bring a very structured, precise and independent working attitude, an analytical way of thinking, and good problem-solving skills. Excellent written and oral skills in English are expected, German language skills are desired but not mandatory. Enthusiastic team players with very good communication skills are favored. 
	Interesting, versatile workplace
	International, attractive working environment
	Campus with modern state-of-the-art infrastructure
	Salary according to TV-L including social benefits
	Possibility to work part-time
	Flexible working hours
	Comprehensive further training program	Doctor	None	2023-03-07 15:57:50.937000
