7613	10218	Mini-jobber in claims management (m/f/d)	Are you looking for a mini job or student job (Monday to Friday)? Just studying is too boring for you and you are still looking for a job for 20 hours a week (Monday to Friday)? Are you a professional part-time jobber (m/f/d) and would you like to demonstrate your talents in various part-time jobs? Are you a pensioner (m/f/d), but you are far from being old-fashioned and are looking for employment and additional income in addition to your pension? Or do you actually manage your family full-time, but want to get out for a few hours a week and do something else? Then you are exactly right with us! Support our team and start as a mini-jobber (m/f/d) in claims management as soon as possible. Our colleagues clarify the origin of damage to the vehicle and initiate further claims settlement. Your tasks: You support them administratively. Data maintenance, mail allocation and many other administrative tasks are also waiting for you. Sounds good? Then we look forward to receiving your application! What you do with us: You know in which team our incoming mail finds the right recipient Our mail comes back to us? then you are looking for a way to deliver it Thoroughness comes first: external data and information are carefully maintained in the damage files Our area of ​​work is large and extensive - we will find other administrative tasks to match your qualifications What you bring along: You can make a dent from distinguish a scratch You like to work thoroughly and concentrated on the PC You can deal with the common MS Office? We will show you SIXT's own programs You are reliable and willing to fit into a colorful team Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. Of course you get employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. You get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: SIXT customers travel internationally, so one or two scratches are inevitable. The teams in our repair centers and in the Damage Management department are responsible for determining how the damage occurred, assessing the damage and the repair costs, taking care of the scheduling of the workshops and getting the fleet back on the road. In order to be able to include all decision-making factors for clarifying the facts, our colleagues form the interface to SIXT branches, customers, authorities and insurance companies. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Office assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:09.729000
