8417	11022	Mitarbeiter IT First-Level-Support (m/w/d)	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/ Genussmacher- Werden These exciting tasks await you: First central contact for our departments in all IT topics (first-level support in the IT helpdesk) You are responsible for processing and documenting all incoming inquiries via telephone and e-mail in the ticket system. When you first contact the customer, you determine whether there is a fault or whether a service needs to be commissioned. In complex cases, you forward the discussions and tickets to the downstream support colleagues. In the case of small problems that can be solved quickly, you become active yourself, switch to the remote appropriate PC and resolve the problem using the documentation provided (or by switching the PC off and on) You inspire us: You have good knowledge of MS Windows, MS Office with Outlook and Teams You enjoy telephoning and the ability to deal with technical issues in easy to explain You are technically adept and can familiarize yourself well with new systems and issues It would be desirable if you have experience in dealing with a ticket system (OTRS / OTOBO) and remote tools such as RDP and VNC can tell you something You can look forward to this : A secure job with permanent employment A varied and responsible task with a lot of creative freedom A dynamic team with flat hierarchies A structured induction program A performance-related salary plus bonuses Attractive benefits such as a job ticket (also for private use), free tickets, discounts on overnight stays and food and beverages, a cheap staff restaurant, free drinks and fruit, and much more. Fantastic employee events Contact Kerstin Westhaus Phantasialand ? Team Recruitment  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Brühl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	IT Account Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:48.463000
