7485	10090	Mitarbeiter IT (/ IT-Support) IT-Administrator (m/w/d)	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/ Genussmacher- Werden These exciting tasks await you: You look after our virtualized Windows server landscape, plan updates, ensure backups and enable smooth operation You set up new virtual servers and configure them based on the respective requirements ( Hyper V and VMware) You support IT support in solving problems You help with the setup, delivery and maintenance of workplace PCs, applications and cash register systems You look after devices for network operation such as firewalls, switches and routers You administrate and maintain different database server systems (MSSQL, MySQL) You inspire us: You have completed training as an IT specialist (m/f/d) for system integration or comparable training You have administrative knowledge of Microsoft server operating systems and Microsoft Office You have knowledge of MSSQL and MySQL You have knowledge of VLAN, firewall and routing Willingness to occasionally work on Sundays and public holidays as well as late shifts What you can look forward to: A secure job with permanent employment A varied and responsible task with lots of creative freedom A dynamic team with flat hierarchies A structured induction program Performance-based remuneration plus surcharges Attractive benefits such as a job ticket (also for private use), free tickets, discounts on overnight stays and food and beverages, an inexpensive staff restaurant, free drinks and fruit, and much more. Fantastic employee events Contact Kerstin Westhaus Phantasialand ? Team Recruitment  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Brühl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	IT Account Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:05:54.056000
