8260	10865	Multimedia Operator / Medientechniker (m/w/d)	AIDA Cruises is one of the fastest growing and economically most successful tourism companies in Germany and currently employs around 11,400 people from 40 nations, 10,000 of them on board, 1,400 at the company headquarters in Rostock and Hamburg. With currently 11 cruise ships, AlDA operates and markets one of the most modern fleets in the world. The ships are operated according to the highest international quality, environmental and safety standards. By 2020, the AIDA fleet will grow to 14 ships. Come with us on a great journey! We look forward to receiving your application documents, which you should ideally submit as an online application at www.aida.de/careers. Your goal Management and control of the technical process in the dinner theater "Time Machine" Maintenance, care and administration of the entertainment media technology on board Close cooperation with the broadcast and FOH crew as well as with the Electric Officer Entertainment and the Entertainment Technic Manager Coordination, Cooperation and mutual support in the technical area of ​​entertainment Control of image servers in the public areas and responsibility for the maintenance of all broadcast systems in two control rooms of the TV studio and the media server and LED walls in the theatrium adequate training time by experienced Colleagues on board Your previous course Training or studies in the field of media technology, e.g. as a media designer for images and sound (m/f/d) or event technician (m/f/d) with a focus on video Consistent experience in the service of broadcast and media systems, e.g. Absen LED walls, Pandora's box from Coolux, Beckhoff module Several years of management experience Very good knowledge of English and German, confident in dealing with MS Office Sense of responsibility, strong communication skills, goal and solution orientation and organizational skills AIDA Benefits Contact Go with us on a great journey! We look forward to receiving your application documents, which you should ideally upload as an online application to www.aida.de/careers.	Media technician (communication electronics)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:29.201000
