5910	8515	Natural scientist or businessman as a business developer...	NATURAL SCIENTIST OR COMMERCIAL MANAGER AS BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER / ASSISTANT TO CEO / PROJECT MANAGER (M/F/D) - WITH DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A POSITION "IN THE RIDE, INSTEAD OF JUST BEHIND", THINK ENTREPRENEURIALLY AND ACT GOAL-ORIENTED? WE SHOULD GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER! For decades, Verder Scientific has been a constant in the niche market of laboratory and analysis devices for research, development and quality control. With Carbolite Gero, Eltra, Microtrac, QATM and Retsch, five strong manufacturers operate under our roof, all of which occupy leading positions in their respective product segments. We operate nine production sites and eleven sales companies worldwide and are part of the German-Dutch technology group Verder, a group of companies with over 2000 employees. Due to the successful growth of our group of companies, we need reinforcement and are looking for the indispensable "right hand" for our CEO as a scientist or businessman as Business Development Manager / Assistant to CEO / Project Manager (m/f/d) - with the option of medium-term further development within our Group of companies - the office is at the location of our company headquarters in Haan (near Düsseldorf), where 3 of our brands are also based and around 320 employees work. As part of your job, you will work in a small structure in which focus on results and attention to detail are important. You act independently as a project manager of international projects and are close to the decisions of today and thus also our success of tomorrow. DOING WHAT IS FUN In this position you will act as an interface between the various companies in the Scientific Division and work together with the different areas, e.g. sales, development planning, reporting / controlling and IT. You will support our CEO both in day-to-day operations and in conceptual ones and strategic issues You plan, coordinate and participate in decision-making and change processes at management level You control (sub-)projects independently or work actively on them, e.g. the integration of product lines or acquired companies You create analyses, decision-making templates, lectures and presentations YOU FIT US, IF curiosity, flexibility and a high degree of initiative are among your personal qualities you have successfully completed a degree in natural sciences and technology with a good understanding of business contexts or vice versa you enjoy exchanges and discussions with different groups of people and you are interested in " many balls in the air" Strong analytical skills and a convincing demeanor across all hierarchical levels are among your strengths You have at least 2-3 years of professional experience, preferably in a manufacturing company Above-average willingness to perform and the willingness to undertake targeted international trips (if required) is available you have very good knowledge of English and IT WHAT WE OFFER YOU Our group of companies is growing continuously. Therefore, with appropriate personal and professional development, there is the medium-term option of assuming a leadership role in our group of companies. An interesting and varied job in a dynamic, open and respectful working atmosphere in which your ideas are in demand. Communication at eye level. From the trainee to the managing director, we maintain the "Du" and flat hierarchies. Independent work in a team-oriented environment in which everyone counts. Flexibility through our flextime arrangement. In addition, there is often the opportunity to work from the home office on a daily basis. - We love our work, but there are other important things...	Business-Development-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:41.151000
