8120	10725	Night Auditor m/w/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! As a Night Auditor Front Office (m/f/d) you have the task of taking over all necessary reception services during the night. This includes checking in guests, taking over the nightly administration tasks and daily closing, as well as preparing the day shift. Your tasks: Friendly, professional greeting, advice, support and farewell to national and international guests Independent management of a cash register during the respective shift, as well as correct accounting of the income at the end of the service according to the applicable cash register guidelines Responsibility for the work area of ​​the reception and the entrance area, taking cleanliness into account , functionality of the technical devices and the available information material at the start of work Checking in and out of overnight and day guests Active sales and processing of reservation requests on site (walk in guests) and upselling Baggage management and room allocation Management and documentation of locking cards/ key card management/ key inventory professionals Receipt of complaints and an appropriate submission of solution proposals and reporting to the respective departments Acceptance and forwarding as well as documentation of guest comments on technical defects, lack of cleaning of the accommodation and the resulting upgrades and downgrades Preparation of the breakfast and dinner list Archiving and disposal of registration forms according to the GDPR of the main daily closing and closing of the EC cash devices Sensitive handling of internal information Taking on special tasks according to the instructions of the supervisor, within the scope of the activities/skills/training What we expect from you Degree: Completed training in the hotel industry advantageous Work experience: in the hotel industry desirable Language skills: Very good knowledge of German and English Specialist knowledge: Confident handling of MS Office programs and a good understanding of hotel software and PMS systems Approach: Very good manners as well as friendly, polite, secure and well-groomed appearance Characteristics: Strong communication skills. team player, customer-oriented and stress-resistant Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks:   Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use:   Free entry to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time:   Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events:   Annual staff parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free shuttle bus from Brand Tropical Islands train station. to the resort and back again. Parking:   Sufficient free employee parking spaces available. South Seas feeling:   A unique place of work.	Night-Auditor	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.095000
