8256	10861	Night Manager (m/w/d)	HENRI HOTELS THERE?S NOTHING LIKE HENRI HENRI Hotels are urban boutique hotels with that certain something: genuine hospitality meets retro chic. A home for the moment. A place to calm down? a place of retreat from the hustle and bustle of the big city, where you can let go of everything. HENRI Hotels ? Always in the heart of the city and on the pulse of what's happening: With individual style and an authentic look, HENRI is at home in selected metropolises. The incomparable flair attracts individualists as well as business travellers. Incidentally, HENRI allows a wide variety of people to meet each other every day: Urban Citizens, Business People and City Tourists. See you at HENRI! HENRI HOTEL Düsseldorf Downtown Centrally located, near Düsseldorf's train station, the HENRI Düsseldorf has 79 studios in a former office building from the 1960s and 1970s. Reception and bar are one, as is HENRI?s compact spa & gym. And just like at home, everyone can access the kitchen and living room for themselves? from breakfast to the legendary evening meal. EVERY JOB SHOULD BE A HENRI JOB The night porter has often turned night into day... He's not afraid of the dark and he's not afraid of being the sole host until colleagues snow in again in the morning. With coolness and professionalism, the nighty handles common reception tasks and brings the end of the day in a dry towel. As the contact person for sleepwalkers and late arrivals, he distributes hot milk, good words or even a cocktail - because even at night it is important to give guests the feeling of being at home with good friends. In other words: Check-in/-out Correspondence & reservation acceptance Guest relations Serving and mixing drinks IN THE MOOD FOR HENRI? You are? ?A HOST. Host with enthusiasm. Cosmopolitan, relaxed, empathetic, casual. ?AUTHENTIC. Stylish, original. You like to use your own head to help shape things. ?A LOCAL. In the heart. You rave about your city, your neighborhood, your HENRI. ?INDIVIDUAL. You just as much as HENRI. conventions? Heard it before, but with a wink for us. ?A PROFESSIONAL. First experience in the hotel industry, good knowledge of German and reliability are a matter of course for you - as well as enjoying your job and sometimes simply thinking outside the box. Those who love HENRI can grow with HENRI, whether young or old. FROM HENRI FOR YOU HENRI is looking for a long-term job: That's why there is a permanent employment contract HENRI loves free time: 5-day week with detailed time recording, there is hardly any overtime and if there is, then with compensation HENRI likes to travel: That's why there are travel discounts for his family members and friends in all HENRI hotels, aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel Neptun and he has arranged discounts with other partners HENRI plans ahead: With the company pension scheme, he is already thinking about tomorrow HENRI health is important: That is why there there is free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses HENRI trains: The internal training and further education program CAMPUS has the right training available for everyone HENRI is developing further: A strong family behind us offers further development opportunities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland HENRI is happy New friends: Recommendations are rewarded HENRI likes to shop: With its Bonago card at over 200 premium partners HENRI likes to party: You can look forward to team events with fun, jokes and dollery. ANY QUESTIONS? No shyness. Write us! Tell us what you have done professionally so far and what experience you bring with you. APPLICATION? AS SIMPLE AS HENRI! CV + love letter, selfie, video ? Whatever you like ? send it to us! Tell us who you are and what you can do. Your contact person: Henri HENRI Hotel Düsseldorf Downtown Wehrhahn 86 40211 Düsseldorf Email: jobs@henri-hotels.com www.henri-hotels.com	Night-Auditor	None	2023-03-07 16:07:28.713000
