7028	9633	Night watch, educational assistant, nursing assistant, social worker	We stand up for each other, give everyone the same opportunities. We show fairness both on the pay slip and between the sexes. We do everything so that you can develop freely with us. We are aware of your strengths, we promote your potential. Colleagues await you in our facilities with whom everyday work can become a joyful day. The AWO Unterfranken not only writes values ​​on the flag, but lives them every day. Our more than 2,900 employees appreciate that, who followed their hearts and made a conscious decision to work with us! In our residential home "Am Rosensee" for the chronically mentally ill, we take care of people who are temporarily or permanently overwhelmed with an independent lifestyle. Our tasks include around-the-clock care, providing meaningful daily structures and numerous therapy and activity offers. In this way we want to promote participation in society and society and enable those affected to shape their lives independently and responsibly. Working on night duty in a living area for people with a mental illness Care of our clients at night Support in dealing with impairments and crises Contact person for our clients Documentation of medication administration if necessary This is a permanent part-time position for the night (Night duty and night standby / 20 hours / week). You recognized yourself in our introductory text and could imagine being a part of the AWO. You are an organizational talent and a doer with strong nerves. Training as an educational or nursing assistant and experience in dealing with mentally ill people is an advantage, but we also give dedicated career starters a chance. Commitment, a sense of responsibility, the ability to work in a team, flexibility and a stable personality are necessary prerequisites. Good knowledge of German for better communication with the persons cared for is urgently required. Unskilled applicants are also welcome. Still uncertain? Take our express aptitude test: I want a job, not just a job. I give a lot and from the heart - I wish for appreciation. Even if money isn't everything: I want a fair, reasonable salary. I am happy about special payments, allowances and grants. Of course it's for the good of the association. But I also want my personal goals to be supported, e.g. with financed further education and training. I love my job... but I also have a personal life! I want to be supported in reconciling both, e.g. with flexible working time models and childcare offers. Did you check several points at once? Then we have to get to know each other.	Night watch - care	None	2023-03-07 16:04:58.170000
