7031	9636	None	The AWO district association Berlin-Mitte e. V. has been running accommodation for refugees and homeless people in Berlin since 1996. Residents are supported by a team of full-time employees and volunteers in participating in the existing structures as independently and non-discriminatoryly as possible. From now on we are looking for administrative staff (m/f/d) for our accommodation for refugees Wohnrefugium Rhinstr. with a weekly working time of 19.5 hours. Employment contract limited to June 30, 2023 with the option of extension Accommodation at Tempelhof Airport with a weekly working time of 20 to 39 hours. The employment contract is limited to 30.11.2023 with the option of extension Recording and administration of resident data Invoicing (monthly statement) Checking incoming payments Implementation of the dunning process Collaboration in the creation of proof of service provision Determination and creation of statistical data (occupancy, etc.) as well as their transmission to the benefit office keeping the cash book handling of correspondence general administrative tasks participation in updating residents’ folders compulsory participation in staff meetings, further training and supervision completed commercial vocational training or experience in administrative work the ability to work independently and independently and to be motivated accepting new tasks Ability to set priorities independently and to work in an efficiency-oriented manner Always respectful interaction in all areas Willingness to undergo continuous further education and training Cooperation in maintaining the residents’ master files Recognition of the goals and principles of workers’ welfare A responsible and varied area of ​​responsibility Cooperation in a dedicated team, collegial exchange and collegial support individual personal and professional training 30 days of vacation per calendar year with a 5-day work week as well as Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve annual special payments in July and November remuneration according to the collective agreement of AWO Berlin E6 an ecological mobility allowance desirable Applicants who are committed to the goals and principles of workers' welfare and severely disabled people with the same qualifications. Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application by email only to: bewerbung@awo-mitte.de with the subject: "Verw" If you apply, we will collect and process your personal data in accordance with Articles 5 and 6 of the EU -DSGVO only to process your application and for purposes resulting from possible future employment at the AWO Kreisverband Berlin-Mitte e.V. Your data will be deleted after six months. Further information can be found here: https://www.awo-mitte.de/index.php/datenschutz	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:04:58.538000
