5962	8567	Nursing specialist (m/f/d) outpatient care	Why is your journey with the #TeamKunze worthwhile?

Our motto: Care is a team sport! And we play fair. With us, you have a say in the design of the duty roster.
Your health is important to us! Back courses, empCARE & more. We offer offers and direct contacts for company health management and for occupational safety and hygiene.
Future one-way street? We promote your potential and career with paid training and further education.
Your relaxation & variety after work: Look forward to regional leisure activities for the outdoor pool, adventure world Krauschwitz, ice hockey, zoo & co. or take advantage of the exclusive online employee discounts from Corporate Benefits.
With us you often accompany your clients for many years and you wish for a change of scenery - no problem. A lot is possible (assisted living, intensive care and much more)!

Your tasks

On the road in the #TeamKunze car: Your workplace is located between the picturesque landscapes of Lusatia, because you take care of our clients in their own homes.
You carry out treatment care and activating basic care according to our care standards. Your medical know-how will help you to respond to the individual needs of the client.
A carefully and conscientiously maintained care documentation is part of your everyday care.
You create and update the care plan and thus ensure optimal and needs-oriented care for our clients.
Together with your team you ensure the quality of care and the satisfaction of our clients.


your profile

You have completed professional training as a health and (pediatric) nurse (m/f/d) or geriatric nurse (m/f/d).
Career starters, care professionals or returning to work after parental leave - it doesn't matter. We look forward to seeing you! Thanks to our intensive training, you will quickly be up to date.
Focus? Person! You enjoy the responsible work with people in need of care and together in a team.
In order for us to be able to take care of our clients around the clock, you need to be willing to work in shifts.
You have a category B driver's license.


Nursing is a team sport. #TeamKunze

Note: For better readability, the generic masculine is used. Unless otherwise indicated, the personal designations used refer to all genders.	geriatric nurse	None	2023-03-07 16:02:47.542000
