7053	9658	Nursing specialist, nursing specialist, nursing specialist	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. The Ernst and Berta Grimmke House is our largest and most diverse institution. The inpatient facility with interspersed short-term care and day care is located in the Lörick district on the left bank of the Rhine, in a quiet residential area. Our goal is not only to provide people with nursing care, but also to enable them to have a life worth living in old age, in a friendly atmosphere and a pleasant environment. Our employees have heart and courage. They hold hands and keep things going. They accompany and support. They give strength and everything every day. Do you find yourself in the description and can you imagine becoming part of the team? We are looking for part-time or full-time nursing specialists for our Ernst-und-Berta-Grimmke-Haus as soon as possible. You care for and care for elderly people with multiple disabilities and support them in maintaining their independence You treat the residents individually and respectfully You have a safe and responsible approach to care planning, care processes and care documentation, as well as our care concept You are a team player and work in a multi-professional team Completed training as a nursing specialist Professional and management experience in the field of elderly or nursing care Positive attitude Safeguarding and maintaining quality standards are of course motivation for active cooperation and implementation of our care concept Careful and conscientious management of care documentation Customer-oriented competence Constructive cooperation with PDL and home management Understanding dealing with older people and people in need of support Identification with the principles of workers' welfare Your work pays off: Remuneration according to collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus annual bonus Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent cheaper on the go: discount on your Rheinbahn -Ticket A committed, appreciative and open team An apprenticeship - many opportunities for employment within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many prospects You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for everyone Employees: Social and care counseling Practiced values: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled Secure, permanent employment in a growing social enterprise Severely disabled applicants are given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us!	geriatric nurse	None	2023-03-07 16:05:01.280000
