7045	9650	Nursing specialist as a jumper	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. Relaxed colleagues look forward to seeing you! Shape your professional future with us in a friendly small team in outpatient care in Gerresheim. We are looking for qualified nursing staff (or comparable training) as a stand-in for our projects Living with security of supply and cherry blossoms in Wersten and Gerresheim (provider-responsible residential community for people with dementia). We offer you a guaranteed 5-day week and one service weekend per month. You also have the opportunity to continue your education with us and take on more responsibility in the future. We are looking for a qualified nurse with immediate effect (or by arrangement), preferably with professional experience in the outpatient sector, for an unlimited period and part-time (19.50-29.25 hours per week) as a stand-in. Our shifts are divided into early and late shifts, through cooperation with the house emergency call and current dementia technology, no nursing night shift is necessary. We warmly welcome applicants from Düsseldorf. Experience in self-structured work in the outpatient area, we work with the software Vivendi SGB 11 basic care - washing, dressing, etc. SGB 5 treatment care - providing medication, administering medication, putting on and taking off compression stockings, wound care, etc. Supervision of lunch for customers in the residential café (order acceptance and organization as well as billing) Organizational tasks such as ordering prescriptions and medical prescriptions, ordering from pharmacies Participation in team meetings and cooperation in quality management Qualification as a registered nurse or comparable experience and knowledge in dealing with the PC and the common programs (Outlook, Word, Excel, etc.) as well as Vivendi Good communication skills in dealing with tenants, colleagues and supervisors Ability to organize yourself Willingness to work at weekends and in shifts Reliability, resilience and flexibility and the ability to set boundaries Empathy and the ability to relate Experience and fun working with older people who may have dementia Patience Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus annual special payment Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Less expensive on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket Secure, permanent employment in a growing social enterprise A dedicated, appreciative and open team Regular team/service meetings Good professional development opportunities A varied activity in a future-oriented professional field An interesting and demanding field of work with creative opportunities Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us!	geriatric nurse	None	2023-03-07 16:05:00.305000
