6183	8788	Nursing specialist (m/f/d) for first employment after completing training in summer 2023	We are looking for a person for our clinics at the Kaufbeuren location on September 1st, 2023 and October 1st, 2023

Nursing specialist (m/f/d) for first employment after completing training in summer 2023

full-time or part-time, unlimited
About Us:
       The last year of your training has only just begun, but we would like to motivate you today to send us an unsolicited application for the first job after completing your training. At the Kaufbeuren site, we operate a clinic for psychiatry, psychotherapy and psychosomatics and a clinic for forensic psychiatry and psychotherapy. If a department arouses your particular interest, please state this in your application and we will try to take your wishes into account when filling the position, subject to passing the final examination.

       Your main tasks:
You determine the individual care needs.
They are responsible for organizing, designing and controlling the nursing process.
You are familiar with the analysis, evaluation, assurance and development of care quality.
You work in the primary care system.
You take on the role of relieving and orientation-giving talks.


        Your advantages:
An interesting professional perspective with a wide range of opportunities for internal and external training and further education
A responsible and varied job in a multi-professional team
Fair remuneration in accordance with TVöD as well as attractive additional benefits such as an annual bonus, performance-related pay, employer-financed pension schemes of currently 4.8%, 30 days of vacation per year and additional vacation with constantly rotating shifts
Health management such as sports offers from the company sports club, company doctor, integration management, etc.
Company canteen, employee parking spaces for cars and bicycles


        Your profile:
Expected completion of training in health and nursing in September/October 2023
Enjoyment of empathetic, relationship and resource-oriented work as well as the ability to establish appreciative and friendly contact with patients
High level of commitment, strong team spirit, high level of social skills
Goal-oriented multi-professional cooperation with all professional groups
Can be used flexibly in alternating shifts



        About us:
 We take "closer" literally! With modern specialist hospitals, rehabilitation, residential and support facilities, we are also close to you from Lindau to Donauwörth in the Bavarian Swabia area. 5,000 dedicated people have already decided to work together to ensure the professional care and support of our patients and clients.
 Would you also like to seize this opportunity? We are looking forward to meet you!


        Contact:
For questions about the area of ​​responsibility
 Andrew Gebler
 Director of Nursing
 08341 72-1204

For questions about the application process
 Nina Ostenrieder
 Service center staff
jobs@ Bezirkskliniken-schwaben.de



       Your application:
We look forward to receiving your online application by September 30th, 2023!
 Applications from severely disabled people are accepted
 with equal suitability given priority.

Apply now!	Health and Nursing Assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:03:14.848000
