7872	10477	Oberkellner m/w/d	Work to live or live to work? This is the most frequently discussed crucial question in our working world, which we have also dealt with. Working with us is where others go on vacation? with an excellent quality of life in the middle of the nature of the Black Forest? In the middle of life and just around the corner from Baden-Württemberg's metropolises. The perfect place for relaxed happiness for guests AND hosts. Real happiness that comes from the heart, taking care of yourself and a conscious lifestyle, that is the selfness idea that is alive with us in the SCHWARZWALD PANORAMA. The individual health and the need to learn to perceive sources of strength for your own further development should also be part of you as our employee. We want to challenge and encourage you in your personal development and give you the appreciation that you deserve from your work. The hotel and catering industry is the path you have chosen. Every day you like to take care of the well-being of the guests, that's the task of all of us in the industry? in large and small. But do you sometimes wonder what the real meaning behind it is? What's the point of it for you? What is the point of what you actually want? Surprises are your elixir of life. Do you love challenges every day? whether as a plate logistician, gourmet consultant, translator, comedian, bearer of secrets, desired conductor or caring charmer. There is one thing you can always rely on: your instinct for people, service and magical moments. What you should bring along Fun in the hotel and catering industry Team and service-oriented work Enjoys dealing with guests and colleagues and is cordial in dealings Sense of responsibility, flexibility and commitment Clear head, even in stressful situations Well-groomed appearance, cordial and communicative demeanor, good manners Open-mindedness towards new things Quality awareness & eye for detail High degree of loyalty and discretion Positive charisma and enthusiasm Good knowledge of English, further foreign language skills are an advantage Tasks: Ensuring smooth processes in the à la carte, banquet and conference service Coordination and training of employees Beverage storage, control and ordering Posting and checking all invoices Processing the Micros Fidelio merchandise management program Carrying out inventories Adherence to event plans Co-organization of events and banquets APPLY TO US BECAUSE YOUR TALENT IS UNIQUE!	Oberkellner/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:41.618000
