6167	8772	Office clerks for the salary area (m/f/x)	Intelligent management:
  Made for Germany

     Get involved with the Federal Office of Administration




  We are looking for a permanent position starting as soon as possible
 several office clerks
for the salary area (m/f/d)


Career:
Medium Grade
Working hours:
Full-time or part-time
Evaluation:
E8 TVöD / A6m-A8 BBesO
Starting Salary:
2,910.37 to 3,239.51 EUR gross
Location:
Wiesbaden
Index:
BVA-2023-038
Application time:
03/21/2023
    The Federal Office of Administration (BVA) is a higher federal authority within the portfolio of the Federal Ministry of the Interior and Homeland.
  Your future department will be responsible for the calculation and payment of salaries for civil servants, candidates for federal authorities and recipients of grants. In addition, the department is responsible for looking after the salaries of servicewomen and men as well as service allowance (transitional fees). Personnel cost management includes the determination of all payment-relevant facts, their legal assessment and examination, the determination of salary claims and the payment-related implementation with the help of modern accounting systems. After completing a well-structured induction period lasting several months, you will be assigned your own area of ​​responsibility (files).
Your tasks
  Independent and responsible determination and payment of salaries for civil servants, candidates, career soldiers and soldiers on a temporary basis
 Subsequent insurance in the statutory pension insurance for retiring civil servants, candidates, career soldiers and temporary soldiers if they leave without entitlement to pensions
 Independent and responsible determination and payment of service time benefits for temporary servicewomen/men (interim fees, interim allowances, compensatory payments, etc.)
 Claiming back overpaid remuneration
 Monitoring and control of payment transactions in SASPF
 Conducting correspondence with beneficiaries.

    If you have any questions about the area of ​​responsibility prior to your application, you are welcome to contact the head of the department, Monika Marinow, on 022899-358-654200.
   We will be available on March 15, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at https://t1p.de/epenp to get to know each other and to exchange any questions you may have. The online meeting can be entered at the specified time by clicking on the link.
  The oral selection interviews are expected to take place in calendar week 17/2023.
If necessary, further requirements in other areas of responsibility can be covered by the advertisement.
Your skills
You have completed career training for the middle non-technical administrative service or have successfully participated in clerk training I or have successfully completed vocational training as an administrative clerk, specialist clerk or clerk for office communication/office management, social security clerk, bank, industrial, Wholesale and foreign trade clerk or other relevant three-year professional training in administration or as a clerk
 Professional experience and/or verifiable knowledge of salary law or payroll accounting is an advantage
 Professional experience in the field of public administration is an advantage

 That's what we offer you
 Flexible and family-friendly working time models (e.g. no core working hours, home office option, hourly compensation through flexidays, sabbatical)
 We fill advertised positions flexibly on a full-time and part-time basis
 Diverse training and personnel development opportunities
 Promoting health with a working time bonus (e.g. ergonomic office furniture, sports groups, mobile massages)
 Free parking
 Annual special payment, company pension scheme with the employer's share and deferred compensation for employees subject to the applicable collective bargaining agreement

In addition, according to the legal provisions
  Payment of a personnel recruitment bonus according to § 43 BbesG possible
 Reimbursement of moving expenses
 Possibility of later acceptance into a civil service relationship if the requirements are met
 Examination of acceptance into a civil service relationship on probation (A6m BBesO) if a completed preparatory service for a career in non-technical administrative service is available
 Equal status delegation with the aim of	Administrative clerk - federal administration	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.873000
