8176	10781	Office worker (m/f/d)	Would you like to be the first point of contact (m/f/d) for our largest and most profitable corporate customers? Do you have a passion for sales? Then we are looking for you as an office worker (m/f/d) at the Rostock Lütten-Klein location. You represent SIXT as a mobility partner (m/f/d) of national and international companies and work closely with our field service. Do you enjoy B2B customer care and already have some experience as a key account manager, sales assistant in inside sales or clerk (m/f/d) in the business customer area? Then apply now and start with us with a permanent contract! We look forward to seeing you! What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration as a fixed salary + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regular working hours Monday to Fridays between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. MOBILE WORK: From now on you can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and an RSAG job ticket or free Parking spaces DEVELOPMENT: You want more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring with you: You have completed commercial training (e.g. hotel/hospitality, tourism, service management) or a successfully completed economics degree You have experience in (large customer )Sales / B2B Account Management / Internal Sales You are fluent in written and spoken German and English - other foreign languages ​​are helpful You have persuasive powers, organizational skills and a keen sense of customer needs You are familiar with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint and already have First experiences with a CRM tool You work independently and solution-oriented What you do with us: You look after our national and international corporate customers. You act as a competent contact person (m/f/d) in all questions relating to the entire SIXT range of services, maintain existing customer relationships and expand them. You support the field service, e.g. with price calculations, preparation of contract documents, appointment preparation and follow-up as well as with the processing of tenders. You take on an important coordination function with other specialist departments, e.g. claims management and customer service. Additional information Your area of ​​work: At SIXT, in addition to our vehicles, we also stand for premium quality in sales. The customer is the king. As one of the most innovative, fastest growing and most profitable mobility companies worldwide, the customer is always the focus of all actions for SIXT. Our sales as the most important bridge to our customers enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and to intensively support SIXT in its international expansion. Sales at SIXT stands for a dynamic working atmosphere, innovative products and excellent service quality. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We focus on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and focus	Specialist - Marketing/Sales/Distribution	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.955000
