2739	5344	Office assistant m/f/x part-time or full-time	About the job

We are looking for you as an office assistant (m/f/x) part-time or full-time for a public Berlin provider as soon as possible! You can expect a pleasant working atmosphere and exciting tasks.

Apply today!

requirement profile

- Commercial training with initial experience as an office assistant (m/f/d) part-time or full-time
- Very good knowledge of MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook)
- Fluent written and spoken German

area of ​​responsibility

- Independent completion of secretarial tasks,
- Processing and digitization of correspondence
- Reception and support of the members during the consultation times

We offer

- Thanks to individual advice, the area, the working environment and the offers that suit you
- Entry into your or advancement or change in your (dream) job as an office assistant (m/f/x) part-time or full-time
- A regular employment contract, secure wages according to collective agreements and lots of strong additional benefits
- You can find out more about the advantages and special features on our homepage - and in a personal conversation

About the job

We are looking for you as an office assistant (m/f/x) part-time or full-time for a public Berlin provider as soon as possible! You can expect a pleasant working atmosphere and exciting tasks.

Apply today!

About Us

We find jobs for people and people for jobs. As a traditional and modern family business, we have been in Berlin since 2004 and offer individually tailored solutions in the field of personnel services. Here we have specialized in the temporary employment and personnel placement as well as the certified job placement of specialists and managers from the commercial sector.

aventa is a personnel and employment agency recognized by the Federal Employment Agency. Every year we take an exam before the Dekra and are certified on the basis of it.

What drives us?

Openness, courage and creative drive. We are always on the move, preserve our values ​​and influence the regional labor market as active shapers of the future. The result is just good work.

Welcome!

Have we piqued your interest?

Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application including current certificates. This job as an office assistant (m/f/x) part-time or full-time suits you if you are also interested in a specialist office (m/f/x),

Commercial specialist (m/f/x) or clerk for office management (m/f/x) interested.

In your application, please be sure to include the reference number 5794 as well as your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date.

Please do not bother to apply for several positions that interest you. We are familiar with all our vacancies and offers and therefore always check your documents for suitability with regard to all possible possible applications with our customers based on your qualifications.

contact person

Your recruiting team

T: +493020962523

aventa Personnel Management GmbH

Friedrichstrasse 95

10117 Berlin	Helper - office, administration	Our owner-managed company specializes in the temporary employment and placement of specialists and executives in the areas of office and administration, finance and controlling.

Our customers come from all areas of business, industry and trade. These include national and international groups, large companies and medium-sized companies.

For these customers, we are constantly on the lookout for qualified and committed employees either for temporary employment or for recruitment. Get to know us and see for yourself.

...because staff is a matter of trust!	2023-03-07 15:56:10.024000
