8423	11028	Online Marketing Manager (m/w/d)	Are you an online marketing professional and have already advertised and sold everything possible via various multi-channel campaigns? Then why not jobs too? We are looking for an experienced Online Marketing Manager (m/f/d) for our Talent Marketing Team who will do just that: campaign management for our positions. We don't have post and pray! If you have nothing to do with numbers and evaluations, you can stop reading at this point. Our goal is the optimal conversion rate, so nothing works without tracking, evaluations and targeted analyses. Sounds like what you are looking for? Then apply as an Online Marketing Manager (m/f/d) and find the best talents for SIXT together with us!? DO WHAT YOU LOVE: Do you independently plan and implement multi-channel online marketing campaigns to recruit new employees via social media, SEA, display and various job portals? Don't post & pray: Do you analyze the performance of your measures with regard to relevant metrics such as CTR, conversion rate, cost per application and cost per hire and identify and implement optimization potential for campaign management and the entire candidate journey? You use your excellent feeling for target group-oriented content to inspire new talents for SIXT via our social media channels and to create suitable landing pages for your campaigns in our CMS. You have a sense for new trends and test not only the classic sales and marketing channels New or unconventional ways to generate applicants/leads, such as Apply via WhatsApp or Telegram COME AS YOU ARE: Whether you are studying, training or are a career changer (m/f/d): We are looking for someone who already has some experience in online Marketing or e-commerce and interested in e-recruiting and talent marketing? Have you already independently implemented digital campaigns to increase traffic or generate leads and have you celebrated your first successes? Do you enjoy working with numbers and are you interested in analytical questions? Do you like working with well-known campaign and web analysis tools (e.g. Google AdWords, Facebook Ad Manager and Google Analytics, Tagmanager, Optimize), but are you also interested in getting to know new systems? Are you a team player (m/f/d) with a conceptual way of working, assertiveness and flexible thinking and can easily switch between German and English? Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently m	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.195000
