6192	8797	Operations Engineer / Deputy Head of Technology (f/m/d)	In our new nut production facility, we want to roast nuts and pack delicious snacks on state-of-the-art equipment. To this end, we are building a motivated and competent team. Would you also like to be part of the Solent and deliver enjoyment? In addition to crunchy nuts, we also produce various types of chocolate and couverture at our other location in Übach-Palenberg.
Deputy Head of Technology / Operations Engineer (f/m/d)

Job ID: Area of ​​application: Location:

Administration
Rheine, in the Munsterland, DE, 48432
12827
YOU DO THAT
Ensuring the availability and optimization of all production systems, machines and units in the field of operating technology (property management, media and energy supplies, AGV and warehouse interfaces)
Technical management and control of employees in the maintenance and operating technology departments, e.g. B. Personnel deployment planning, appraisal interviews, training measures, ensuring occupational safety
Proactive maintenance and continuous improvement of processes, e.g. B. Inputs for the redesign and specification of maintenance contracts
Integrative cooperation with all departments, also across projects
Project planning and execution of service, modernization and new construction projects
Controlling the timely implementation of tasks/measures from action plans (e.g. from site inspections, QMQS action plan)
Technical management and control of employees in the maintenance and operating technology departments, e.g. B. personnel deployment planning, appraisal interviews, training measures, ensuring occupational safety, etc.

YOU DELIVER
Studies in electrical engineering, supply engineering, mechanical engineering or a comparable educational background, alternatively many years of professional experience and further education
Several years of professional experience in the technical area of ​​a production company and ideally initial experience in leadership
Good knowledge of working with SAP PM and MS Office
Very good knowledge of German and fluent English
Positive appearance with role model character, an independent and structured way of working, initiative and pleasure in constantly learning new things

WE DELIVER
A permanent secure job in a brand new plant of the largest food company in Europe (nut production, Solent Rheine)
Individual training and development opportunities in a company with a first-name culture
30 days holiday
a team-oriented work environment that is open to new ideas
an attractive salary and comprehensive social benefits in a future-proof industry
Extensive health offers, including resilience, sporting events, online courses
Various employee benefits/corporate benefits, including a job ticket/public transport subsidy

OUR RANGE
Contract type: Indefinite

Available from: 01.05.2023, earlier or later appointments are possible by arrangement

Working time: 40 hours per week

WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
Simply apply online to Solent Rheine GmbH & Co. KG at jobs.schwarz-produktion.com.


Rheine, in the Munsterland
Solent Rheine GmbH & Co. KG

Apply now "



          Find similar jobs:
Job postings at Solent, all jobs Rheine in Muensterland	Head of Production/Manufacturing	None	2023-03-07 16:03:15.953000
