7716	10321	Operational management (m/f/x)	FPS Catering GmbH & Co. KG offers experience and competence from over 60 years of company history paired with constant innovation and further development. For our customers this means: Reliability, professionalism and the highest quality standards as a solid basis for smooth planning, organization and production processes. We attach great importance to the strict observance of our hospitality principle: every customer should be perfectly cared for in the specific time in which he uses our service. Our extensive portfolio includes event catering, trade fair catering, business catering, tailor-made catering concepts for day care centers and schools as well as individual concepts for private celebrations. Teamwork, personal commitment and enthusiasm are very important in all of our company divisions. As a company that is strongly geared towards expansion, we know that an optimized financial system is one of the essential prerequisites for corporate success. WHY FPS CATERING? A challenging job with varied tasks and performance-related remuneration awaits you. You can look forward to regular working hours. Respectful and relaxed interaction with colleagues is a matter of course for us. Our first-name culture starts with the interview and ends with the exchange with the management. With us you will be well looked after - you get a balanced lunch as well as coffee and tea in all variations for free. Attractive employee discounts from many brands and providers await you. Do you stay fit with us? weekly company sport with our personal trainer. You are part of a family business that has been growing for years. YOUR JOB Responsibility for personnel planning, management and development as well as vacation, stand-in and downtime planning Monitoring and optimization of internal processes Interface as contact person between employees, customers and company headquarters Customer advice and contact maintenance Ordering as well as organization and support of inventories Control of key figures and performance as well as taking measures to ensure our standards Control and tracking of invoices, delivery notes and all relevant QM protocols Responsibility for training needs in the areas of hygiene (HACCP) and occupational safety Contact person for logistics in operational questions or problems Participation in operational complaints and complaints management in consultation with the department management and nutritional management of equipment and inventory in the objects and the associated new and replacement procurement as well as maintenance maintenance of the cash register systems, cash register audits and organization of cash transactions ensuring and promoting the corporate culture in the staff and in the external image support for new openings and Ensuring a smooth induction of new employees YOUR TALENTS Completed gastronomic training, ideally with further training in business administration At least one year of professional experience in a comparable position Experience in community catering is an advantage Knowledge of English, other languages ​​are an advantage Class B driving license Good MS Office knowledge Knowledge of the Banquet Professional software desirable Strong communication skills and a confident demeanor when dealing with employees and customers Absolutely reliable and structured working methods as well as organizational strength Employee and process-oriented work Positive charisma and the ambition to achieve and exceed goals Do you recognize yourself and feel like adding your personal touch? Then we really want to get to know you! Please fill out our online form completely and attach the desired attachments (CV/photo/certificates). You are also welcome to send us your salary expectations. Please note that we can only consider applications by email. We look forward to seeing you!	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:06:22.406000
