7923	10528	Operational team assistance - office and field service - team assistant - STUDENTpartout - Ulm	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Operational Team Assistant - Customer & Staff Success Assistant! Shape your own future and that of your colleagues and become part of our internal team as a team assistant for our branch in Ulm. Your task:   STUDENTpartout is THE personnel service provider when it comes to jobs for students and student employees for companies. Together with your new team, you will continue to build up your branch. You can draw on the experience of your colleagues on site and the more than 30 branches throughout Germany. As an operational team assistant, you can expect a varied and exciting range of tasks in the internal area of ​​our branch in Ulm. You support your new colleagues in all aspects of daily branch work. Your activities in detail: Participation in assignments & active support in operational business, also as team leader Telephone contact for customers & employees Completion of administrative tasks such as EDP-supported order processing, invoice preparation work, maintenance of customer & Personnel master data etc. Administration of work clothing Carrying out personnel training according to the STUDENTpartout internal training system Carrying out employee check-ins Conducting job interviews & support in the area of ​​application management & recruitment Substitute for dispatchers in the event of absence Your profile:            Sound training & professional experience in gastronomy/ Hotel industry or in the commercial/commercial area Ideally experience in the reception/assistance area or in the event area Strong communicative personality Flexible, quality-oriented & independent way of working Well-groomed appearance and good manners Experience in dealing with MS Office Fluent German language skills in spoken and written Class B driving license We offer you :   An attractive & modern workplace in a professional team of motivated specialists A collegial working atmosphere & fun at work A performance-based & punctual salary with all social benefits Solid training in your area of ​​responsibility Flat hierarchies & short decision-making paths Discounted membership in a fitness studio Employee discounts up to 70% in over 600 brand shops Very good career prospects in a modern service company The opportunity to help write a new chapter in your branch Your future begins today! Apply now! Your contact person is our regional manager Mr. Paul Müller.	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:06:47.885000
