7812	10417	Operations manager (m/f/d)	75223 Niefern-Öschelbronn effective immediately full-time - 40 hours/week | Usually 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m. | flexible according to duty schedule | Including weekends and public holidays (5-day week) Care gastronomy for seniors In the middle of life! Welcome to apetito catering, one of the leading catering companies in Germany! Our employees ensure in the homes of our customers ? these are company restaurants, clinics, senior citizens' facilities, schools and day-care centers ? for healthy, delicious food that's fun. The needs and individual wishes of our guests are our incentive and inspiration to inspire them anew every day. Be there and become part of a committed team that, with a smile, ensures that the guests are in a good mood as well as healthy enjoyment. That's what you're hungry for: As operations manager, you will lead your crew of around 20 and the kitchen team in a senior citizens' facility, assume responsibility for the budget and regularly exchange information with the customer on all topics and wishes relating to the catering facility. You ensure the production of approx. 250 meals a day, you make sure that the hot and cold dishes are prepared and presented in a nutritionally physiological, high-quality and tasty way for the residents, employees and visitors? the eye eats with you. At the same time, do you ensure flawless administration? whether it is about merchandise management or operational accounting? and make sure that the internal apetito catering quality standards are observed. Our ingredients for you: Sunday and public holiday bonuses Holiday and Christmas bonuses Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminar offers Family service - external free employee advice (EAP) Company health management (BGM) Regulated working hours , according to the duty roster with a 5-day week This gives us a taste: Completed training (cook, housekeeper or a comparable qualification), further training (chef, business economist) would be a plus, but not a must At least first practice in community catering (Nursing area) and relevant specialist knowledge of goods and business administration as well as dietetics and special diets Ideally good handling of common application programs (MS Office) You act independently within your budget specifications. Communicative, personable and open-minded host personality with a strong sense of service, who knows how to promote team spirit and also likes to lend a hand Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh from school or a career changer? As a family-run company, we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! Gladly stating your earliest possible starting date and salary expectations. You can find further information about us as an employer, our additional services (benefits) and everything that is important to us at https://www.apetito-catering.de/jobs-karriere/. Contact details Ms. Ramminger Tel. 01737321711 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 063199	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:34.266000
