7841	10446	Outlet Manager Systemgastronomie m/w/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Nothing works without you: You manage the day-to-day business of one of our gastronomic outlets within Tropical Islands. As a warm host, you are the first point of contact for questions and complaints for our guests. You coordinate the cash register systems and carry out cash register postings and cash register closings. Everything up to date: You are responsible for ordering the goods and the monthly inventories. You are a role model and motivator for your international team. You find it easy to fall back on your leadership skills at any time. Because good is never enough: you continuously monitor and improve the specified standards. You will also take care of performance and cost control. That's what we expect from you   Degree: You have completed vocational training in the field of system gastronomy or a related industry. Work experience: You have relevant experience in a similar position with people management. Language skills: You speak German, English and/or French. Skills: You have a hands-on mentality and like to lend a hand. Characteristics: You are an organizational talent and stand out for your willingness to perform and learn. Special Skills: You are a natural when it comes to motivating and leading people. Employee Benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks:   Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free entry to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals:   Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time:   Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual staff parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service:   Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking:   Sufficient free employee parking spaces available. South Seas feeling:   A unique place of work.	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:06:37.817000
