7971	10576	Painter and varnisher m/f/d	Dreams come true at LEGOLAND® Deutschland Resort with 64 attractions, 10 themed areas and over 55 million LEGO® bricks ? It doesn't matter whether it's a wild roller coaster ride, a journey through Europe or an excursion to unseen underwater worlds. We have up to 1,100 exciting and unusual seasonal jobs waiting for you in full-time, part-time, on a marginal basis or as a holiday job. Together with around 250 year-round employees, we prepare our guests an unforgettable visit experience. On request, we will be happy to check whether we can offer you accommodation in our staff accommodation. Become today's hero? Apply now! In the LEGOLAND® Deutschland Resort in Günzburg, Bavaria, the LEGOLAND Park and the LEGOLAND Holiday Village, embedded in idyllic nature, await you. Over 64 extraordinary rides, models made from more than 55 million LEGO bricks, shows and events make LEGOLAND® Deutschland Resort an unforgettable experience for the whole family. LEGOLAND Deutschland Resort is one of the three most visited amusement parks in Germany. To strengthen our team, we are looking for a painter and varnisher (m/f/d) as soon as possible, initially limited to 2 years. and maintenance work This is how you convince us: Completed vocational training as a painter, varnisher or similar Good handling of paints, varnishes and glazes Manual skills and careful working methods Possession of a class B driving license Willingness to work shifts, holidays and weekends The key to the success of our company are our employees! You can expect a company-wide first-name culture in an open and friendly working environment. Even after an extensive introduction and training, we always have an open ear for your ideas and suggestions and offer you numerous employee benefits in addition to an attractive employee award program. We look forward to seeing you! Please send us your application documents, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date, preferably by email to jobs@LEGOLAND.de or by post to LEGOLAND Deutschland Freizeitpark GmbH Personalbüro LEGOLAND Allee 1 89312 Günzburg	Painter and wallpaper hanger	None	2023-03-07 16:06:53.773000
