7936	10541	Paramedic / first aid employee (m/f/d) in the amusement park	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a paramedic / first aid worker (m/f/d) in an amusement park with an adventurous working day! Do you enjoy working as a paramedic (m/f/d), but you can't or don't want to work night shifts or 12/24 hours? In the special working environment of the BELANTIS amusement park, you combine passion with your needs. As part of the first aid for health problems, you will help our guests in emergency situations, decide whether an ambulance or emergency doctor is to be called and until then you will be at the patient's side. Become our new paramedic (m/f/d) and perform the following tasks in your everyday work: Medical first aid for those affected and, if necessary, their care until the arrival of the emergency doctor Guaranteeing the equipment required for medical first aid Regular patrols, supporting the employees with regard to the drinking water and heater supply (depending on the weather) Our benefits A special job in a leisure park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, warm and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) Subsidized Job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription options), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free season pass for yourself, partner, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discounts from numerous partners such as fitness studios, mobile phone providers, etc., free access to our partner parks (e.g. Movie Park Bottrop, Tropical Islands, Slagharen) Your benefits Completed professional training as an emergency paramedic, paramedic, paramedic Calm handling in emergency situations Teamwork and service affinity towards patients and colleagues You are reliable, team-oriented and orderly You understand and speak German You can at least one day per Week or part-time and full-time work for us Your adventure A seasonal contract from mid-March to Halloween 2023 Your working hours Willingness to work during the week as well as on weekends and public holidays (in day shifts around the park opening times) Your remuneration depends on the area of ​​work and your previous experience 12.50 - 16.00 ? / h incl. surcharges Working methods & team You work independently and agree with the control center and the manager on duty Your start from mid / end of March 2023 Convinced? Then apply with a short application and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	Paramedic	None	2023-03-07 16:06:49.473000
