6036	8641	(Partial) project manager for infrastructure projects - future	(Sub-)Project Manager for Infrastructure Projects - Future-Oriented Infrastructure Academic Professional (Sub-)Project Manager for Infrastructure Projects - Future-Oriented Infrastructure Schwarzwaldstraße 82, 76137 Karlsruhe Start date immediately DB Netz AG Transport Infrastructure, Operation & Maintenance, Project Management, Engineering Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 208353 Job Ref. 180448 2 Job description You want to design the modern infrastructure for an innovative and digitized railway operation You are looking for a challenge and would like to take on complex project tasks in an exciting environment Then apply to us. For the climate-neutral future of rail transport, we are building a charging infrastructure for battery-powered trains in the Palatinate network. In this way, we create the conditions for an environmentally friendly, modern and innovative local transport service throughout the region. You can find more information about the project here. As a (partial) project manager for infrastructure projects for the DB Netz AG business unit in the area of ​​infrastructure projects in the southwest at the Karlsruhe location, you will drive the project forward in an agile team. You benefit from our concentrated power of experience and an open working atmosphere with flat hierarchies and a lot of flexibility. Your tasks As a (partial) project manager for infrastructure projects, you will actively shape the infrastructure of the future and be responsible for its successful implementation. For the use of the most modern vehicle concepts on our network, you will develop exciting and innovative solutions in an agile team, e.g. in the field of the latest charging technologies are responsible for and coordinate the planning for advanced traffic systems including all specialist trades and thus guarantee the high-quality implementation of the planning, construction supervision and testing services. You use the latest planning methods (e.g. BIM) As a communication talent you work closely with the project participants and coordinate regularly with internal and external contacts In procurement procedures, you work together with our purchasing team, ensuring quality tender and procurement documents and controlling proactive supplement management. You prepare documents for acceptance and approvals and ensure complete documentation. As the contact person for the public, you take care of yourself public information events Your profile A degree, primarily in the field of electrical engineering, civil engineering, communications engineering, telecommunications or transport planning, forms the basis for your success Ideally, you have several years of professional experience in a complex project environment (infrastructure projects, projects that are subject to public regulation), experience in railway environment are particularly desirable You are also familiar with the latest technology trends and have the will to be the first to implement them You can easily deal with the usual software applications, ideally you already have experience in dealing with SAP You are motivated and always have the goal of the project success in mind You can also assert our interests against resistance and thus find the best possible solutions for everyone involved You are open, communicative and enjoy working in a team - you enjoy understanding technical specifics across trades Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:02:56.727000
