8127	10732	Pastry chef (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. For our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine at the Freudenberg Group in Weinheim, we are looking for flexible and committed support from March. That's why we're looking for you as a... Pastry chef (*) Office: Weinheim full-time (Monday - Friday: 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.) Job number: 6908-23-5616 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Completed vocational training as a confectioner / pastry chef or comparable qualification Professional experience in demanding, artisan production methods Independent, independent and structured work A high degree of customer orientation, service and team spirit Passion, imagination and creative talent Very good manners and pleasure in personal contact with guests Main course ... and what on Production of tasty cakes, tarts and tea biscuits as well as hot and cold desserts Production of high-quality chocolates for our guests Contribution of your own recipes and ideas - surprise us Guest advice and active sale and distribution of your creations Appealing presentation and serving of your delicacies Compliance with the Occupational safety and hygiene regulations Tidying up and cleaning the workplace Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and reasonable remuneration with supplements, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension scheme, Employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Partner, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Konditor/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.956000
