1436	4041	Patentanwaltsfachangestellte (m/w/d)	We look forward to your application as:

Patent paralegal (m/f/d) in 80331 Munich for direct placement in permanent employment!

As a patent law firm at the highest level, our client takes care of national and international mandates from a wide variety of technical areas and sizes, both in obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights.

Our client offers you an interesting and challenging job in a collegial, family-friendly atmosphere with likeable and motivating colleagues. We strive for long-term cooperation, which is why your professional development is encouraged and a company pension scheme is also offered.

Your profile:

• Have training as a patent paralegal, foreign language correspondent or paralegal
• At least 2 years of experience in a patent law firm or with deadlines
• Very good knowledge of German and English
• Careful and reliable way of working.
• Commitment and safe handling of the electronic services of the DPMA, the EPO and the EUIPO

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

The independent implementation of typical professional activities, such as formalities and deadline monitoring in national and international procedures for patents, trademarks and designs of national and international clients.

Onboarding & flight altitude

Our customer knows that the commitment of the employees is the basis of their success.

Therefore, as a new team member, you will be promoted from day one by quickly being given responsibility and developing according to your talents. Sympathetic colleagues are always at your side to bring you up to speed.

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Telephone interviews and job interviews can also take place after work.

This is how it goes!

• Please apply directly online by clicking on the apply now for this position button.
• If you have any questions, use the contact details of your contact person in advance.
• We check your data and arrange an appointment with you, then get to know each other personally and discuss all the details.

We are your reliable HR consultant who will accompany you through the entire application process.

The modern and stress-free way to find a new job.

We place our applicants directly in a permanent position, free of charge and discreetly.

For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions.
We have successfully accompanied many of them in personnel matters for several years and support you in finding the best talent.

All job advertisements are always aimed at male, female and diverse applicants, regardless of age, gender, origin, sexual orientation, disability, religion and ideology. Applicants are selected solely on the basis of their qualifications.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!	Patent paralegal	We, NEYC Consulting, are your empathetic and solution-oriented personnel consultancy. For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions. We develop successful recruitment solutions for our customers and support companies from various industries in their search for the right employees.
We are actively looking for the dream job for our applicants. Applicant management is free, discreet and anonymous. Apply to our open vacancies or send an unsolicited application.	2023-03-07 15:53:29.604000
