6157	8762	Pedagogical assistants (m/f/d)	Workers' welfare district association Munich-Land e.V.
 balan street 55, 81541 Munich

        Educational assistants (m/f/d)
 for our lunchtime care, bound and open all-day schools in the district of Munich



Location: District of Munich
Available from: immediately



The AWO Kreisverband München-Land e.V. is involved in over 80 social institutions in the district of Munich for children, young people, families, senior citizens, refugees and those affected in the area of ​​housing emergency assistance


For our lunchtime care, tied and open all-day schools in the district of Munich (e.g. Martinsried, Oberschleißheim, Ottobrunn, Unterhaching), we are looking for immediate positions
Educational assistants (m/f/d)

 for 6-18 hours of contractual weekly working time plus working time to compensate for vacation time, on four to five afternoons


We want personalities

for whom commitment, reliability and enjoyment of working with children/young people with special needs are a matter of course.
who are characterized by a high degree of empathy and a committed demeanor with children and young people with difficult behavior / impairments.
who are motivated and committed to representing the goals of inclusion.
with the willingness for intensive cooperation with parents, teachers and therapists.

We offer you:
the opportunity to work independently
professional support
training opportunities
an attractive salary according to TV AWO Bayern incl. special annual payment
Additional benefits such as a company pension scheme and reduced travel expenses with a job ticket
A wide range of sports and wellness programs (discounted rates for Wellpass via âEGYMâ)

Applications from people with disabilities will be given preference if they are equally qualified.
        Have we aroused your interest?
We look forward to receiving your application!
Please send this to Desire Negro by post or email.



Desire Negro
 balan street 55, 81541 Munich
 Information under: Tel. 089 672087-217 or by e-mail Internet: www.awo-kvmucl.de

fachbereich.schule@awo-kvmucl.de	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:03:11.644000
