6156	8761	Pedagogical specialist (m/f/d) as head of Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn	Workers' welfare district association Munich-Land e.V.
 balan street 55, 81541 Munich

        Pedagogical specialist (m/f/d) as head of Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn
 for our lunchtime care at the Sigoho-Marchwart elementary school in Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn



Location: Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn
Available from: immediately



The AWO Kreisverband München-Land e.V. is involved in over 80 social institutions in the district of Munich for children, young people, families, senior citizens, refugees and those affected in the area of ​​housing emergency assistance


For our lunchtime care at the Sigoho-Marchwart elementary school in Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn, we are now looking for a
Pedagogical specialist (m/f/d) as manager

(Educator, social worker, OGTS coordinator or comparable qualification)
up to 20 hours of contractual weekly working time, plus working time to compensate for vacation, on five afternoons

We want a personality

who has in-depth knowledge of lunchtime or all-day care.
who has experience in the management and guidance of employees and the design of the duty roster as well as project planning.
who manages the OGS/GGS at the location in close cooperation with the school management.
for whom commitment, reliability and enjoyment of working with children/young people with special needs are a matter of course.
which is characterized by a high degree of empathy and a committed demeanor with children and young people with difficult behavior/impairments.
who represents the goals of inclusion in a motivated and committed manner.

We offer you:
the opportunity to work independently
professional support
training opportunities
an attractive salary according to TV AWO Bayern incl. special annual payment
Additional benefits such as a company pension scheme and reduced travel expenses with a job ticket
A wide range of sports and wellness programs (discounted rates for Wellpass via âEGYMâ)

Applications from people with disabilities will be given preference if they are equally qualified.
        Have we aroused your interest?
We look forward to receiving your application!
Please send this to Desire Negro by post or email.



Desire Negro
 balan street 55, 81541 Munich
 Information on: Tel. 089 672087-217 or by e-mail
 Internet: www.awo-kvmucl.de
fachbereich.schule@awo-kvmucl.de	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:03:11.519000
