6155	8760	Pedagogical supplementary and skilled workers (m/f/d)	Workers' welfare district association Munich-Land e.V.
 balan street 55, 81541 Munich

        pedagogical supplementary and skilled workers (m/f/d)
       for our lunchtime care, tied and open all-day schools in the district of Munich


The AWO Kreisverband München-Land e.V. is involved in over 80 social institutions in the district of Munich for children, young people, families, senior citizens, refugees and those affected in the area of ​​housing emergency assistance

We are now looking for our midday care, tied and open all-day schools in the district of Munich (e.g. Martinsried, Oberschleißheim, Ottobrunn, Unterhaching).
pedagogical supplementary and skilled workers (m/f/d)

(Educator, social worker, OGTS coordinator or comparable)
up to 6-18 hours of contractual weekly working time plus working time to compensate for vacation time, Monday to Friday on four to five afternoons

        We want a personality:
with in-depth knowledge of lunchtime or all-day care.
with experience in the leadership and guidance of employees and the design of duty rosters as well as project planning.
who manages the OGS/GGS at the location in close cooperation with the school management.
for whom commitment, reliability and enjoyment of working with children/young people with special needs are a matter of course.
which are characterized by a high degree of empathy and a committed demeanor with children and young people with difficult behavior/impairments.
who are motivated and committed to representing the goals of inclusion.

        We offer you:
the opportunity to work independently
professional support
training opportunities
an attractive salary according to TV AWO Bayern incl. special annual payment
Additional benefits such as a company pension scheme and reduced travel expenses with a job ticket
A wide range of sports and wellness programs (discounted rates for Wellpass via âEGYMâ)

       Applications from people with disabilities will be given preference if they are equally qualified.
        Have we aroused your interest? We look forward to receiving your application!
       Please send this to Desire Negro by post or email.


Desire Negro
 balan street 55, 81541 Munich
 Information on: Tel. 089 672087-217 or by email
 Internet: www.awo-kvmucl.de

fachbereich.schule@awo-kvmucl.de	Educator	None	2023-03-07 16:03:11.397000
