8339	10944	Personal Assistant President People & Culture (m/w/d)	Are you talented in organization and communication, do you like to work independently and service-oriented and would you like to get to know the diverse range of HR work? Then we are looking for you and can offer you a varied and exciting job. We are looking for a personal assistant to support our President People & Culture as soon as possible. You have already gained several years of professional experience in a comparable position and would like to be part of a dynamic and international team? Then apply now to SIXT and give us full throttle in our international expansion! What you do with us: You are the right hand of the President People & Culture and support you in all organizational and administrative tasks. You are responsible for the extensive appointment and travel management including proactive preparation and follow-up You take responsibility for special projects and the planning of various events You create and update reports, presentations and data analyses, support you in optimizing HR processes and gain exciting insights in the corporate and personnel strategy at SIXT You are the first point of contact for customers, visitors and employees for various inquiries and to-dos and take over the internal and external communication of the President People & Culture You support confidential personnel searches, hiring, transfers and other personnel issues What What you bring: You have successfully completed a degree or commercial training, e.g. in the field of foreign languages, tourism, event management or office communication and have professional experience in an assistant function. You bring a high degree of discretion, service orientation, responsibility and reliability and work in a structured and solution-oriented manner. You can quickly familiarize yourself with new areas of responsibility and proactively take on tasks that you implement independently. You keep a cool head even in stressful situations and always have an eye on your to-dos and deadlines. You are familiar with the common MS Office programs (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and like to familiarize yourself with new applications You have very good written and oral skills in German and English. You also have intercultural skills and like to network Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. In our assistance functions, cleverness and thinking outside the box is required, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk	Assistant/in - Hotel management	None	2023-03-07 16:07:38.868000
