6169	8774	Personnel clerk (m/f/d)	Can you identify with our motto "Stuttgart by profession"? Then you will find ideal development opportunities in the state capital of Stuttgart!
 The diversity of our professional fields is also reflected in our diverse staff composition. With us, all applicants (m/f/d) are equally valuable and welcome. We also welcome applications from severely disabled and equal opportunities. Part-time work is also possible in full-time positions, unless otherwise stated in the advertisement.

Personnel clerk (m/f/d)

We are looking for a clerk for human resources and organization for the office for digitization, organization and IT of the state capital Stuttgart as soon as possible. The position is to be filled indefinitely.
Around 16,000 employees shape public life in the state capital of Stuttgart and ensure that everything runs smoothly in the boiler. At www.stuttgart.de/karriere you will find all the important information about our wide range of career and development opportunities.

The newly founded Office for Digitization, Organization and IT is the central contact and service provider for all offices and private companies in the state capital of Stuttgart and is actively involved in shaping the digital transformation of the administration. As the Human Resources and Central Services department, we look after all employees in the Office for Digitization, Organization and IT in personnel rights issues. Help shape the change and become part of our team.

Your main tasks:
Processing of all personnel matters from recruitment to departure, with the exception of payroll accounting
Design of the personnel selection process
Advising employees and supervisors on all questions of service, collective bargaining and labor law
Cooperation with the staff representation and the main and personnel office
Creation of personnel reports, evaluations and statistics
Establishment and further development of the processes in the subject area
Special tasks according to instructions

A change or addition to the area of ​​responsibility remains reserved.

Your profile:
Degree in administration or a Bachelor of Arts in Public Management or a comparable course of study, preferably with a focus on personnel and/or labor law
Persons who have successfully completed or will soon complete further training as an administrative specialist can also apply, as well as employees with completed vocational training and several years of professional experience in the advertised field of activity
In-depth knowledge of the legal basics (labour, collective bargaining and civil service law)
Very good verbal and written communication skills in German
independent, solution-oriented and economical work, enthusiasm
high social competence, discretion, reliability, as well as a safe and service-oriented appearance
Confident handling of common MS Office products
Work experience in local government

Look forward to:
a future-proof job
A diverse, varied and interesting job
Independent work in an innovative and collegial team
Work-life balance through flexible working time models
the opportunity to work mobile or in the home office
Personal and professional development through a comprehensive range of advanced training courses
Health management and sports offers
a subsidized public transport ticket
employer-funded pension
Discounted lunch in our company restaurants

We offer you a post in salary group A 11. A corresponding post is available. In the employment relationship, the classification takes place in salary group 10 TVöD if all personal and collective bargaining requirements are met.
Ms. Stolz will be happy to provide you with further information on the job on 0711 216-81008 or teresa.stolz@stuttgart.de. For more information on HR-related questions about the procedure, please contact Ms. Tratz on 0711 216-91034 or tina.tratz-david@stuttgart.de.

Please send applications to our online application portal by April 1st, 2023.


If an online application is not possible, you can send us your paper application, stating the
Code number 17/0019/2023 to the Office for Digitization, Organization and IT of the City of Stuttgart, Heilbronner Straße 150, 70191 Stuttgart.

In the case of a paper application, please only send us copies without plastic sleeves or similar, as there will be no return. After completion of the selection process, all documents will be destroyed.


www.stuttgart.de/stellenangebote	Personnel Administrator	None	2023-03-07 16:03:13.121000
