5989	8594	Personnel clerk (m/f/d) part-time (approx. 25 hrs/wk	We are looking for you as a human resources clerk (m/f/d) part-time (approx. 25 hours/week) to support all areas at the Kiel location for the systems for signaling technology division. You don't know Scheidt & Bachmann And whether If you've ever taken the train, parked in a multi-storey car park, paid at a gas station or used a ticket machine, you've probably already come into contact with our products. We develop state-of-the-art products and systems worldwide and thus shape the mobility of the future. In our family of companies, values ​​such as TRUST, RELIABILITY and COHESION are very important and have been for more than 150 years. Together we ensure that millions of people and goods around the world keep moving and reach their destinations quickly, easily and safely. The Signaling Systems division offers our customers complete solutions in the field of digital control and safety technology, which are used by many well-known railway companies in Germany and abroad. We implement the digitization of control systems, signal boxes and level crossings and make a significant contribution to making rail operations more efficient, environmentally friendly and thus future-proof. We need your support for this forward-looking task, which is historic for the rail transport sector. We offer Detailed induction programs Personnel development and training programs Flexible, family-oriented working hours with the possibility of mobile working A working atmosphere characterized by appreciation, personal responsibility, enthusiasm, trust, cohesion, reliability and social responsibility Attractive remuneration Your tasks You support our personnel recruiting process You plan, coordinate and ensure quality our training and further education measures You take on a wide variety of tasks in personnel administration (contracts, hearings, references, certificates, etc.) You are the contact person for our employees regarding the employee life cycle You prepare the payroll accounting You enjoy HR-related projects Your profile You have completed commercial training and ideally have experience in human resources dealing with labour, social security and wage tax law is not alien to you dealing with personal data in a trusting manner and working independently and on your own responsibility are a matter of course for you you are empathetic and value one respectful and appreciative interaction You have a strong service orientation You have good knowledge of MS Office applications Are you interested? Contact Torsten Brodersen for further questions	Personnel Administrator	None	2023-03-07 16:02:50.950000
