1566	4171	Personnel clerk m-f-d	New movement together!
Are you looking for an interesting and crisis-proof job?

We, W&F HR-Consulting, are a top executive search company and are looking for you! (Headhunters)

On behalf of a technology company from the cutting technology sector with several hundred employees, we are looking for a long-term position
reinforcement. (we would like to discuss everything else with you personally)

What you can expect:

• permanent employment
• 30 days holiday, holiday pay, Christmas bonus
• Extensive social benefits

These are your tasks:

• Personnel administration in general • Create payroll accounting (program LoDas / Datev) • General payroll accounting • Knowledge of payroll accounting is an advantage • Personnel master file system (personnel files, etc.) o Settings o Retirement • Creation of references • Time sheets o Time control and correction o Creation and assignment of shift models to employees or departments

Your skills:
Completed training in the commercial sector
• Reliability • Resilience
• Prior knowledge of human resources

What's next?
Your resume would suffice for us. You can apply online on our homepage or via email. Then we arrange a telephone appointment for a short telephone interview. Then we get to know each other personally and discuss the details. (We would then need the complete application documents for this).

Of course, we always treat applicant data with absolute confidentiality and discretion!
Do you have any questions in advance? Then do not hesitate and call us or send us a short e-mail and we will call you back as soon as possible!

And now we look forward to seeing you!	Industrial mechanic - industrial engineering	We have been active in personnel consulting and IT training for many years.
You don't apply to one company, we can usually offer you jobs at several companies. We will then work with you to find the right position.
The first step in applying to the company is always anonymous.
We value open communication between us and our customers.

Send us your detailed application. We look forward to seeing you!	2023-03-07 15:53:45.628000
