6024	8629	Pflichtpraktikum - Center of Competence Additive Manufacturi	Mandatory Internship - Center of Competence Additive Manufacturing Erlangen, Germany Customer Services 354525 Job Description Together we make the difference Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, railway automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we design mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 38,200 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving. What do you contribute You get an insight into demanding 3D printing projects in the field of railway technology. You also have the opportunity to advance a design or development topic in your own project or to optimize production processes. You will get to know the work processes in the Center of Competence Additive Manufacturing at Siemens Mobility. You will also support day-to-day business with various projects in production preparation, project management, quality assurance, logistics and documentation, giving you an insight into the entire value chain of additive components. You can gain experience in the field of industrial 3D printing (FDM & SLM processes) and deepen your knowledge of design methodology, materials and component properties. What do you bring with you You are studying a technical degree, preferably mechanical engineering or industrial engineering and would like to do a practical semester with us. You have an affinity and basic understanding of additive manufacturing. You also have a good understanding and initial experience in the field of construction and development. You have in-depth CAD knowledge, preferably in PTC Creo and are fit with MS Office tools. You are characterized by a structured, goal-oriented and independent way of working. You are fluent in German and English. What do we offer you? Inclusion & Diversity At Siemens Mobility, we fight against injustice and inequality. With us you will find an environment in which you can be yourself and belong. Purpose We are pioneers of mobility. With us, you make an active contribution to the turnaround in traffic and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world. Mobile working / remote working With us you have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can be mobile to a significant extent. We have officially regulated this by means of a company agreement. You can find an overview of our benefits here. How do you contact us www.siemens.de/mobility if you want to find out more about Siemens before you apply. 49 (9131) 17 52430 if you would like to clarify initial questions personally with our recruiting team. The contact person for this job advertisement is Julia Greff. www.siemens.de/karriere if you would like more information about jobs and careers at Siemens. We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities. Organization Siemens Mobility Company Siemens Mobility GmbH Experience Level Student (Not Yet Graduated) Full / Part time Full-time	Engineer - Renewable Energies	None	2023-03-07 16:02:55.257000
