8480	11085	Pharmacist in internship (m/f/d)	PHARMACEUTICAL INTERNSHIP (M/F/D)

CODE: G 1822 MTD APO

Our clinic group with four houses in Lörrach, Rheinfelden and Schopfheim is one of the largest employers in the southwestern border triangle of Germany, France and Switzerland.

Our modern pharmacy in the district hospital of Lörrach offers the entire range of hospital pharmacies. In addition to its own houses, it supplies other clinics and rescue services with a total of 1150 beds.

For our modern pharmacy in the district hospital of Lörrach we are looking for a

Pharmacist in internship (m/f/d)

WE OFFER YOU:

 * You will gain an insight into all areas of responsibility and activities of a pharmacist in the field of clinical pharmacy

This is what you can expect from us:

 * In our clinic pharmacy, pharmacists work in the areas of dispensing/drug information, formulation & analytics and sterile production (parenteral nutrition, pain pumps, cytostatics)
 * Participation in multidisciplinary visits and taking anamnesis for surgical patients is established in the pharmacy
 * The main focus of PhiP's activities is the medication anamnesis of surgical patients with the aim of switching the process from handwritten anamnesis to the electronic recording of medication
 * We currently supply various acute and rehabilitation clinics with approx. 1200 beds and can offer an exciting internship with an insight into all the activities of a hospital pharmacist

Remuneration is based on the internship guidelines

Additional Information:
Miss Dr. Bianca Weyer | pharmacist | T 07621/416-8396 | weyer.bianca@klinloe.de
https://www.klinloe.de/medical-faculties/centralapotheke.html

Have we piqued your interest?
Then we look forward to receiving your informative application, stating your reference number.

Please only apply online via our applicant portal
or send us a combined PDF file to bewerbung@klinloe.de

Clinics of the district of Lörrach GmbH | Personnel service | Spitalstrasse 25 | 79539 Loerrach
 [https://www.klinloe.de/karriere/stellenangebote/g-1822-mtd-apo.html#send-form]

ABOUT THE HOSPITALS IN THE LÖRRACH DISTRICT

We live and work in a beautiful area with great cultural and recreational value, very close to Freiburg, Basel, Mulhouse, the Black Forest, Jura and Alsace. The family-friendly culture and shopping towns of Lörrach, Rheinfelden and Schopfheim await you with a wide range of leisure activities, excellent cuisine and a very special flair.

With around 35,000 inpatients treated every year and 2,000 employees, we are the number one contact point for patients and one of the largest employers in the region. Through targeted structural development, we are concentrating on defined service areas at our four locations in Lörrach, Rheinfelden and Schopfheim. As a result, patients benefit from a particularly wide range of services and employees benefit from comprehensive further training and specialization opportunities.

The clinics in the district of Lörrach and the St. Elisabethen Hospital have set out on the "Lörracher Weg 2.0" in order to offer first-class medical services with the most modern equipment for patients in the district of Lörrach in a large hospital with a good 650 beds in 2025.

Please note that from March 2022 there will be a legal obligation to vaccinate in the healthcare sector. Only applications that can demonstrate full vaccination protection against SARS-Cov-2 can be considered.	Pharmacist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:56.201000
