3546	6151	Pharmacist, Chemist - Team Lead Process Support Quality	Head of Operational Team Process Support Quality (m/f/d)
Germany, Rhineland-Palatinate, Ingelheim

Job ID: 230195
Job Level: Experienced
Functional area: Administrative and Secretarial Support
Schedule: Full-Time

OUR COMPANY
At Boehringer Ingelheim we develop breakthrough therapies and innovative healthcare solutions in areas of unmet medical need for both humans and animals. As a family owned company, we focus on long-term performance. We believe that, if we have talented and ambitious people who are passionate about innovation, there is no limit to what we can achieve; after all, we started with just 28 people. Now, we are powered by 50,000 employees globally who nurture a diverse, collaborative and inclusive culture.

THE POSITION
Digitalization leads to transformation.
Are you passionate about being part of disruptive change and inspire people?
At BI we implement state-of-the-art IT solutions (“GBS united”) combined with major transformation in nearly all business processes.
We are looking for a leader and a team player at the same time to set a new standard. 
	As Head of Operational Team Process Support Quality you will lead a team of experts for computer system based processes for the Quality department of Human Pharma Germany.
	Together with your team, you will be responsible for the support and continuous development of system-based processes in the Focused Factories and Quality at the Ingelheim site.
	In your new role as Process Owner, you will be responsible for the assigned process areas in the German SAP systems (e.g. IBIS2007-QM).
	Furthermore, you will ensure data integrity as well as the qualification and validation of the systems, considering GxP and regulatory requirements worldwide.
	In customer audits and authority inspections you act as contact person for the relevant processes and systems.
	You will lead digitization initiatives for your team and drive innovation in close coordination with global functions.
	In collaboration with your extended colleagues, you support strategic large-scale projects at the Ingelheim site in the responsible process area (e.g. SAP EWM).
 
	Bachelor's or Master's degree in pharmacy, chemistry or comparable with focus on quality management, as well as several years of professional experience or an apprenticeship with corresponding long-term professional experience
	Sound expertise in validation of computerized systems, as well as knowledge of SAP QM, IDM, Jira, SolMan and TrackWise systems
	Extensive experience and knowledge in project management (Waterfall as well as Agile)
	Leadership experience as a Team Lead, or Project Lead
	Ability to steer decision-making processes with strategic importance in a goal-oriented way, to design new processes as well as to critically question the status quo
	Fluent English and German
 This is where you can grow, collaborate, innovate and improve lives. 

We offer challenging work in a respectful and friendly global working environment surrounded by a world of innovation driven mindsets and practices. In addition, learning and development for all employees is key, because your growth is our growth. We also offer a competitive salary, generous amount of vacation time, and numerous benefits towards your wellness & financial health and work-life balance. Plus, an onsite gym (Ingelheim), in-house doctor and best-in-class cafeterias and coffee bars to keep you energized and healthy. To learn more about what benefits could be waiting for you, please visit our Career area.

Want to learn more about us? Visit https://www.boehringer-ingelheim.com/

Boehringer Ingelheim is an equal opportunity global employer who takes pride in maintaining a diverse and inclusive culture. We embrace diversity of perspectives and strive for an inclusive environment, which benefits our employees, patients and communities. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to color, religion, gender identity or national origin.	Pharmacist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:49.459000
