1331	3936	PhD student (m/f/d) in kidney research	State-of-the-art medicine and care - with safety! Since its foundation in 1815, the University Hospital Erlangen has offered medicine at the highest level. The latest findings in medical research and state-of-the-art equipment are used in diagnosis and therapy. More than 9,400 employees from around 50 professions are needed to fulfil the diverse tasks of Erlangen University Hospital and care for our patients around the clock.

Your tasks:

This project is part of TRR 374 “Tubular system and interstitium of the kidney: (Patho-) physiology and crosstalk” and aims to investigate the role and interaction of uromodulin (UMOD), neutrophil extracellular traps (NET) and the complement system in inflammatory and non-inflammatory tubulointerstitial kidney disease. To this end, we will investigate the presence, abundance and interaction of these three factors and their effects on inflammatory processes, fibrosis and renal function in human kidney biopsies, animal and in vitro models. Using inhibitor and knockout strategies, we will assess whether modulation of UMOD-NET-complement interaction could represent a new therapeutic target in tubulointerstitial kidney disease.

Essential experience/qualifications:

- M. Sc. in a natural science degree programme
- Highly motivated and enthusiasm for research
- Willingness to work with animals

Additionally beneficial are:

- Experience with in vivo models (Felasa B) and/or cell culture would be advantageous

Comments:

- Intended pay grade depending on qualifications and personal
requirements according to TV-L
- The position is for a fixed term of up to 45 month
- Deadline for applications: 30.03.2023

We offer:

We offer an interesting workplace to carry out a scientific doctoral thesis in a motivated, open-minded team and integration into a DFG-funded research network (TRR 374). This provides excellent networking opportunities with other scientists and a special training programme for PhD students.

Further information:

Prof. Dr. Christoph Daniel
Head of the research lab
Telefon: 09131 85-22602

Applications:

Universitätsklinikum Erlangen
Department of Nephropathology
Prof. Dr. K. Amann/ Prof. Dr. M. Büttner-Herold/ Prof. Dr. C. Daniel
Krankenhausstr. 8-10
91054 Erlangen
Germany	Microbiologist/-biology	State-of-the-art medicine and care - with certainty! The University Hospital Erlangen has been offering medicine at the highest level since it was founded in 1815. The latest findings from medical research and state-of-the-art equipment are used in diagnosis and therapy. More than 9000 employees from around 50 professions are necessary for the fulfillment of the diverse tasks of the University Hospital Erlangen and take care of our patients around the clock.	2023-03-07 15:53:16.681000
