3508	6113	PhD student mechanical engineering - high-performance materials technology	As a university of excellence, the Technical University of Dresden (TUD) is one of the most powerful research institutions in Germany. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented, regionally anchored top university that wants to make innovative contributions to solving global challenges. In research and teaching, it combines engineering and natural sciences with the humanities and social sciences and medicine. This variety of subjects, which is outstanding nationwide, enables the university to promote interdisciplinarity and to bring science into society. TUD sees itself as a modern employer and wants to offer all employees in teaching, research, technology and administration attractive working conditions and thus promote, develop and integrate their potential. TUD stands for a university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, appreciation, innovative spirit and participation. It understands diversity as a cultural matter of course and as a quality criterion for a university of excellence. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who want to use their performance and personality to get involved with us and for the success of all.

At the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Institute for Textile Machinery and Textile High-Performance Material Technology, there is a position in the professorship for development and assembly of textile products as soon as possible

Scientific employee (m/f/d)
(if the personal requirements E 13 TV-L are met)

until December 31, 2025 with the option of extension (length of employment according to WissZeitVG). There is the opportunity for your own further academic qualification (usually doctorate). The compatibility of family and work is very important. The position is also suitable for part-time employees. Please note this request in your application. Carrying out research projects in the fields of development and automation of production plants for the processing of textile semi-finished products, in particular using appropriate models and simulations, the implementation of a prototype plant and implementation of modern automation approaches; Development of publications and scientific publications on this. scientific university degree in an engineering Specialization (e.g. mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, automation technology, mechatronics); Creativity and organizational skills in interdisciplinary project work; knowledge of English; a high level of commitment and the ability to work in a team, as well as independent work and an interest in dedicated research work in the field of developing systems for processing textiles; Experience in the field of robotics, in the implementation of SPS and CNC controls and model-based controller design. Ideally, you work with software such as Codesys, TIA, Step7, Matlab/Simulink to implement complex controls, ELCAD, EPLAN for planning or the Open Automation Platform OAS for higher-level plant management and are familiar with controls from Bosch/Rexroth. Experience in the field of conception and construction of production plants, the planning and realization of mechatronic systems, practical experience in the planning and wiring of electrical systems is an advantage.	Engineer - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:44.774000
