3577	6182	PhD Student Biology - Monoaminergic Transmitter Systems	The Research Training Group Monoaminergic Neuronal Networks & Disease (MoNN&Di) at the Ruhr-Universität Bochum is looking for 10


Research Assistants (m/f/d) (PhD positions) for 4 years, 25,89 hours per week, TVL E13


The newly DFG funded Research Training Group Monoaminergic Neuronal Networks & Disease (MoNN&Di) at the Ruhr-Universität Bochum is currently accepting applications from national and international candidates for its four-year PhD/Dr. rer. nat.programme starting in September 2023. The phD Students will receive a employent contract funded by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft.

Application Deadline: 30st April 2023
Programme Start: 1st September 2023
extent: part-time
duration: temporary





The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany’s leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is RUB’s declared aim.


The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.

Additional information:
At the request of the applicant (m,f,x), the staff council may be involved in selection interviews.
If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation. Your tasks:

	MoNN&Di aims to investigate the function of monoaminergic transmitter systems and analyse how they are involved in the development of mental and neurodegenerative disease. In particular, optogenetic probes and genetically encodable sensors will be used to investigate monoaminergic signalling pathways at the cellular, network and behavioural levels. The four-year programme will culminate with a PhD in Neuroscience or Dr. rer. nat.
 Your profile:

	A Master’s degree or equivalent is required
	Ability and willingness to write a research report/publication that contributes to the research programme of the Research Training Group
	Excellent command of the English language
	commitment and motivation
	independent, self-reliant and committed working style
	strong organisational and coordination skills
	cooperative and team-oriented way of working
	Participation in the lectures, workshops, courses of the Research Training Group
 Our offerings:

	Challenging and varied tasks with a high level of personal responsibility
	Qualified familiarisation
	Support from and cooperation with competent colleagues
	Team-oriented cooperation in a committed, international and appreciative team
	a friendly and collegial environment	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:53.272000
