3578	6183	PhD student Agricultural Sciences, Veterinary Medicine - Animal Health	The Friedrich Loeffler Institute is one of the world's leading research institutes in the field of animal diseases, animal welfare, animal husbandry, animal nutrition and livestock genetics. It is part of the portfolio of the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture and informs and advises the Federal Government in these areas.

At the Mariensee/ Mecklenhorst location, the position is available as soon as possible in the Institute for Livestock Genetics, subject to project financing

a scientific employee (doctoral student) (m/f/d) Field of work: As part of the interdisciplinary joint project: "Innovative ways of regionally sustainable use of animal genetic resources in domestic chickens" (RegioHuhn), varied tasks are to be carried out to set up a crossbreeding program for local chicken breeds to be edited. The project focuses on the breeding development of local chicken breeds and the use of crossbred offspring of the breeds with high-performance economic lines in organic farming.

The work will focus on quantitative-genetic analyzes of phenotypic characteristics of fattening and laying performance as well as animal health. Based on SNP data, genome-wide association analyzes are carried out and variance components are estimated, which serve as the basis for simulation studies to establish genomic selection within the purebred populations of the local breeds. The aim is to improve the performance characteristics of the local breeds in the context of animal health and animal welfare characteristics, and thus also their suitability for crossbreeding in organic farming.

The work is carried out in close cooperation with the University of Kassel, the University of Bonn and the Naturland advisory service.
The project work forms a basis for the preparation of a doctoral thesis.
Tasks:

Genome-wide association analyzes for performance and animal health data
Establishment of genomic selection through simulation studies, which include the development of a genomic breeding value estimation and the simulation of different breeding scenarios
Collaboration at:

experimental animal studies in chickens
Laboratory work on DNA analysis, especially sequencing


Creation of project-related reports
Publication of the results in peer-reviewed journals
 Requirements:

Completed scientific university degree (Master or comparable) in agricultural sciences, veterinary medicine, biology or related fields of study


Advantage are:

Knowledge of:

Application of statistical methods of quantitative genetics and population genetics
quantitative genetics as well
current molecular genetic and bioinformatic analysis


Experiences in breeding planning with the help of simulations
Safe handling of relevant software, especially R
Experiences with animal experiments
 In addition to a varied job in a scientific environment, we offer you temporary employment for a maximum of 3 years (36 months) in accordance with the public sector collective agreement; with a salary of 65% of salary group 13 TVöD - Bund, West tariff area.

Our institute is committed to a family-friendly working environment through flexible working hours. Our social benefits include company health and reintegration management, company social counseling, company pension schemes and capital-forming benefits. The Mariensee location is well connected to public transport.
The Friedrich-Loeffler-Institut is committed to inclusion. Applications from people with severe disabilities are therefore expressly encouraged. These will be given priority in the selection process.
In accordance with our international orientation, we welcome applications from people of all nationalities and ethnic groups....	Agricultural scientist / agricultural economist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:53.394000
