3589	6194	PhD Student Natural Science - Imaging Cellular Processes	16 PhD Positions in Münster (Germany): Imaging Cellular
Processes and Disease

The joint CiM-IMPRS graduate program of the International Max Planck Research School - Molecular Biomedicine and Münster’s Cells in Motion Interfaculty Centre offers positions to pursue PhD projects in the areas of biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics or computer science. We are looking for young scientists with a vivid interest in interdisciplinary projects to image cell dynamics from the subcellular to the patient level. PhD projects range from the analysis of basic cellular processes to clinical translation, from the application of novel biophysical approaches and the generation of mathematical models to the development of new imaging-related techniques and compounds. Research areas:
Cell and Molecular Biology * Developmental and Stem Cell Biology Vascular Biology * Immunology
Microbiology * Neurobiology
In vivo Imaging * High Resolution Optical Imaging Biophysics * Chemical Biology
Label Chemistry * Mathematical Modelling

and more. Applications for the PhD program can be submitted from 16 February to11 April 2023. Projects start in October 2023 (earlier starts are possible if desired). Applications can only be submitted online via the apply button.

For further information go to
www.cim-imprs.de. We offer 16 fully financed PhD positions. More positions financed by work contracts may be offered depending on availability. Excellent scientific and transferable skills trainings, competitive work contracts or tax-free fellowships as well as support with administrative matters, accommodation, and visas are part of the program. There are no tuition fees. The program language is English. We invite applications from highly qualified and motivated students of any nationality from biological sciences, chemistry, mathematics, computer sciences and physics. Be part of CiM-IMPRS, a program run jointly by the University of Münster and the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biomedicine.	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:54.745000
