3584	6189	PhD student mechanical engineering - energy efficiency, decarbonization	The need to become as independent as possible from energy imports has become clear over the past few days. Independence is only possible through a massive increase in energy efficiency and at the same time it makes an important contribution to the energy transition in Germany. We are therefore looking for engineers to develop innovative solutions for the challenges of today and tomorrow.
  You work in scientific projects of the Institute for Energy Economics and Rationelle
Energy Application (IER) to help achieve these goals. You will develop innovative products in a team
Energy efficiency and decarbonization solutions for the energy intensive
Sectors of industry and the area of ​​digital infrastructures (data centers). She
analyze the opportunities and risks of digitization, low-CO2 combustibles and fuels
renewable energies and sector coupling. They contribute to companies and the
To support the university in the transformation to climate neutrality.
You can expect exciting projects with current political reference in cooperation with
our research partners. We look forward to applicants with enthusiasm for industrial processes,
Energy process engineering and digitization and scientific work with the goal
the doctorate. you have

A completed master's degree in mechanical engineering, energy or
Process engineering, chemical engineering, environmental protection technology, automation technology, electrical engineering, aerospace engineering, computer science or a comparable degree.
Basic knowledge from studies in the field of industrial processes, energy production and application and digital technologies is desirable
High level of self-motivation and independence
Resilience and quick learner
Strong verbal and written communication skills (German and English) are mandatory.

You recognize and look for challenges and develop suitable solutions. One
Structured and goal-oriented and independent way of working creates the basis for
your success.
You are actively shaping the restructuring of industry to achieve the climate goals in 2045
You develop innovative solutions and drive strategic developments
You will work in a motivated and collegial team.
You grow with your tasks and gain further qualifications through a doctorate
You will be familiarized with the field of work by experienced colleagues

The position is to be filled immediately. The position is assigned to the "Efficient use of energy" department. The position is initially limited to 3 years, with the possibility of extension. The hiring takes place in the salary group TVL-E13.
Please send your complete application in German together with your earliest starting date by March 19, 2023 in the form of a single PDF file to peter.radgen@ier.uni-stuttgart.de.
Applications without a cover letter and CV in German cannot be considered.
Handicapped applicants will be given preference if equally qualified.
The University of Stuttgart would like to increase the proportion of women in the academic field and is therefore particularly interested in applications from women.	chemist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:54.130000
