223	2828	PhD-student to work on adoptive T cell therapy of cancer	Scope of duties

Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy has become the gold standard for several hematological malignancies. The scope of indications of this therapeutic modality is rapidly expanding with promising studies being launched also in solid tumors. Simultaneously, research in the CAR T cell field also has a strong focus on toxicity mechanisms, treatment and prevention thereof. CAR T cell therapy is a living therapy infused in patients which will remain active and in circulation for decades. Conventional pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies are not apropriate for this therapeutic modality and there is an urge for pre-clinical models that can be used to extensively test these therapies. This PhD position will focus on the study of CAR T cell therapies.
The working group offers an exciting scientific environment with young international colleagues. This PhD position will be integrated in existing PhD programs in the Division for Clinical Pharmacology (Director: Prof. S. Endres; www.klinische-pharmakologie.de). The Division for Clinical Phamacology works on an internationally competitive level on topics concerning innate immunity and tumor immunology

Our requirements

We expect applications from graduate students medicine, biology, immunology or pharmacy with an excellent academic background. Applications can come from Germany and from abroad. Applicants are required to have graduated above average at a Master level or equivalent by the time of their application. He or she should have a background in cell biology or immunology with experimental experience in protein biochemistry and/or molecular biology and the willingness to also work with mice. The applicant should be fluent in English.

Our offer

Starting as of 1st of May 2023 we offer a PhD position for one year with the possibility for two further years under the supervision of Prof. Dr. Sebastian Kobold. Besides the experimental work towards the PhD degree the doctorate program involves a structured training program with weekly seminars, lectures given by internationally recognized speakers, hands-on methods courses, annual research retreats as well as soft skill seminars. Remuneration is based on the Collective Agreement for the Public Sector of the Länder (TV-L) including all allowances customary in the public sector.	biologist	The Munich University Hospital is one of the largest and most efficient
University hospitals in Germany and Europe. 45 specialist clinics, departments and institutes
excellent research and teaching enable patient care to be of the highest quality
medical level. Around 10,000 employees are involved in this.	2023-03-07 15:50:59.898000
