6127	8732	Physician in the field of aesthetic medicine (m/f/d)	Physician in the field of aesthetic medicine (m/f/d)

                                                                                       Berlin | Permanent employment by our customer

                                                                  reference number
                                                                                                   679040/1


                                                                          Apply now Apply now

                                                                              My tasks
They take over the medical-aesthetic consultations and treatments in the areas of injection treatment, minimally invasive procedures and instrument-based treatments
They capture the wishes and needs of the client holistically and recommend further therapeutic or regenerative measures
You will work together in a multidisciplinary team and implement the holistic concept together
You can instruct the medical assistants professionally
You work responsibly, carefully, with high quality and in a customer-oriented manner


                                                                              my qualifications
You have the German license to practice medicine
You are a specialist in dermatology, general medicine, internal medicine, surgery or an experienced doctor in aesthetics
You have very good knowledge of German and English
You bring knowledge and experience in injection treatments such as botox, hyaluronic acid, PRP, mesotherapy, microneedling, etc.; minimally invasive procedures such as thread lifts, endolifts, or outpatient surgeries such as blepharoplasty; Apparatus treatments including laser treatments (entire spectrum), with
You have a high willingness to learn and self-motivation


                                                                              my advantages
Regulated practice times
30 vacation days per year
Modern and stylish workplace in a high-class sector in a feel-good atmosphere and a friendly team atmosphere
Training opportunities and support for further personal and professional development
Discounts via Ticketprinter and Corporate Benefits
Employee parking spaces and good transport links


                                                                                  my employer
 Our customer is an integral part of the healthcare industry and is looking for a team player with strong leadership and natural authority for his newly founded institute for aesthetic medicine and age prevention with a wide range of applications. The medical technology and treatment devices (investment sum approx. EUR 4 million) were newly purchased in 2023 and meet the highest technical and medical requirements. All processes are supported by the latest IT technology and are completely digitized. The institute's interior of approx. 1,500 square meters was designed by a leading German designer and invites you to linger with its generously equipped staff and training rooms. The institute is located in the immediate vicinity of an accident hospital in the heart of Berlin.


                                                                              About Hays
                                                                                                                                                      In the healthcare sector, we place qualified candidates on a freelance basis in positions as fee-based physicians, or in permanent positions as doctors and managers in the hospital sector. As a candidate, you benefit from professional support - from the first contact to the start of your new position or your new project. We are on site, act independently and always act with the necessary discretion. You can be included in our quality-assured candidate pool completely free of charge and of interest	Doctor	None	2023-03-07 16:03:07.940000
