7226	9831	Pizza baker / pizzaiolo (m/f/d)	For our new team we are looking for a pizza baker / pizzaiolo (m/f/d) full-time. We are looking for YOU for our Tegernsee Fantastic. With Tegernsee Phantastisch, the Spa & Resort Bachmair Weissach awaits you with a top-class edutainment highlight. Whether small children, teenagers or adults, the various play and fun areas in the two halls with terrace and Italian restaurant offer entertainment at the highest level for every age group. Your tasks Professional handling and storage of incoming and outgoing food at all points in the kitchen. Compliance with HACCP guidelines. Independent planning and calculation of goods to be ordered. Induction of new colleagues and trainees into the daily work routine. Effective use of energy. Participation in the design of the cards and menu planning for à la carte, conferences and banquets. Jointly responsible for the weekly creation of the menu for the employees. Avoiding overproduction. organization of the workplace. Participation in the design of the cards and menu planning for à la carte. Control of posts and cold stores. Participation in the creation and monitoring of the monthly inventory for food, non-food and other consumables in the kitchen. You have: Completed training as a chef. several years of experience as a pizza baker and in connection with wood-fired pizza ovens. knowledge of German. Knowledge of HACCP. independent way of working. own high quality standards. Outstanding commitment, willingness to provide service and great interest in a team-oriented way of working. We offer you: WE PROTECT YOU WELL Old-age provision. supplementary health insurance. Private accident insurance. HERE YOU CAN SAVE Family & Friends discounts in the Bachmair Weissach world and at partner hotels/ private hoteliers. 50% employee discount in the restaurants of the Bachmair Weissach World. 50% discount in the Bachmair Weissach shop. Discounts in the Corporate Benefits shopping portal. WE PROMOTE AND SUPPORT YOU Covering the costs of the in-house German courses. Individual further education support. staff house. Childcare     . Have we aroused your interest and would you like to create "moments of happiness" with us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents! Please send us your application by e-mail to karriere@bachmair-weissach.com Please refer to career account, many in your application	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:05:22.459000
