6047	8652	Planning engineer: in control and safety technology with develop	Your events Get to know us personally. Your Benefits Free trips You receive up to 16 free trips within Germany per year and other travel discounts for your friends and family. Attractive conditions You can achieve great things and get no less in return a salary package that is customary in the market, usually with permanent employment contracts and job security, as well as a wide range of fringe benefits and a company pension scheme. Interesting challenges Fascinating projects and tasks at one of the most diverse employers in the country demand your skills and are waiting for your handwriting. Diverse career opportunities Targeted and individual further development opportunities at specialist, project or management level give you long-term prospects. Locations At these locations you will find the vacancies. Data is loading... One moment please... It's taking too long. Reduce the loading time by adding search terms or filters. We are sorry. The amount of data is too large. Narrow your search and speed up loading time. About us Deutsche Bahn is not only one of the most important companies in the field of mobility services, but also one of the largest engineering offices in Germany. In order to realize new bridges, tunnels, railway stations, tracks and signaling systems and to maintain them sustainably, there are currently around 10,000 engineers working for us by no means enough. As an engineer at Deutsche Bahn, you can plan, manage or monitor something that remains the infrastructure for future generations. Applying is easy Creating a profile Entering information and answering job-specific questions Uploading your CV and attachments Checking data and submitting your application Equal opportunities Equal opportunities and self-determined participation for the severely disabled and equals, as well as respectful cooperation are firmly anchored principles within the DB Group. For this reason, severely disabled and equal applicants will be given preference if they are equally qualified. In addition, we aim to offer all candidates the same opportunities for starting a career and for training and further education, regardless of social or ethnic origin, gender, religion or belief, age or sexual identity and orientation. We consciously promote diversity and cooperation in our teams.	Lock and security technician	None	2023-03-07 16:02:58.078000
