4001	6606	Plant mechanic - sanitary, heating and air conditioning... (m/f/x)	Plant mechanic (m/f/d) for sanitary, heating and air conditioning technology
Do you want to help shape the future? Then you are absolutely right here. Because the environment is at the top of everything you do. Energy and water saving is the hot topic for the new millennium. As a plant mechanic - sanitary, heating and air conditioning technology, you are a real all-rounder in the supply technology of buildings. This brings a lot of variety, because you plan, assemble and install heating and solar systems as well as water and air supply systems at different locations.

Exciting training with lots of variety awaits you with us! Craftsmanship is at the top of your talent list, because to install the equipment and systems, pipes and lines have to be manufactured, connected and laid, and connections made. The love of careful work is an important building block of your strengths. Your technical know-how is also used when you connect the electrical components, put them into operation and program the systems. For example, this could be a system that regulates the room climate with the help of a PC. Your tasks also include the maintenance and repair of the systems and checking your work with measuring tools such as a pressure gauge.

You are quick to learn and make decisions. If you still love teamwork, then you've come to the right place. You coordinate your work with upstream and downstream trades and later work independently in your job. With commitment you can achieve a lot with us and secure your future. Later on, nothing stands in the way of your career planning, because there are a large number of further training opportunities.

Plant mechanic (m/f/d) - Sanitary, heating and air-conditioning technology:

Can read, apply and create technical documents
Planning, setting up and installing sanitary, heating and ventilation systems
Select suitable pipes, fittings, fittings, sheets and profiles
Sawing, cutting or punching plastic or metal materials to the required dimensions
Assemble measuring, control, regulation and safety devices of supply systems
Carry out insulation, sealing and protection measures
Check and assess work results and apply quality management systems
Network technical supply systems to form systems and instruct customers on how to operate them
Carry out the maintenance and repair of supply and ventilation systems
Pay attention to environmentally friendly energy and water usage systems


What you bring:

Good high school diploma
Good grades in math and physics
A high level of technical interest
Skilled craftsmanship
You should be physically fit and able to get things done
Responsible and careful work
teamwork and commitment


You are worth this to us:

Professional training with training workshop
In-house preparation for the exams
Takeover of all good trainees
Extra money for good grades
30 days vacation and company benefits
Modern technical equipment, including a smartphone
Free workwear from Engelbert Strauss
Support in your career development
Exciting training with lots of variety
Subsidy for company pension scheme
Hansefit sports and leisure activities
bike leasing

Plant mechanic (m/f/d) for sanitary, heating and air conditioning technology - get smart here!

With us you can expect varied tasks, a great team and many development prospects - we look forward to receiving your application!	Plant mechanic - sanitary, heating and air conditioning technology	None	2023-03-07 15:58:45.494000
