3501	6106	Plant Engineer Process Engineering - Maintenance (m/f/d)	Evonik, one of the world's leading specialty chemicals companies, stands for attractive business and innovative strength. We work in a trusting and results-oriented corporate culture, geared towards profitable growth and increasing the value of the company. In over 100 countries, we benefit from customer proximity and leading market positions. More than 32,000 employees are united by one claim: no product is so perfect that it cannot be made even better.

Looking for diverse career opportunities? #HumanChemistry
Anything is possible at Evonik if the chemistry is right: careers.evonik.com
Exploring opportunities. Growing together.

JOB CODE R22352
Senior plant engineer (m/f/d)
Country and location: Germany, Rheinfelden
Planning, coordination and control of maintenance activities as well as their efficiency check using key figures, in particular with regard to compliance with the respective budget
Development of concepts for system optimization and their implementation
Preparation of the investment plan in cooperation with plant managers and plant engineers
Initiation, implementation, control and monitoring of multiple, simultaneous investment projects
Participation in the conception and realization of new plant projects
Development and updating of the risk-based maintenance plans as well as the explosion protection document for the entire area
Participation in security talks and ensuring the implementation of the resulting measures
 
Successfully completed master's degree in the field of process engineering, chemical engineering or comparable fields of study
Several years of experience in project planning, construction or support of production and laboratory systems in the chemical industry
Knowledge of the requirements from laws, regulations and standards for chemical production plants with regard to safety issues and in the area of ​​explosion protection
Very good written and spoken German and English language skills
Innovative ability as well as a conceptual and analytical way of thinking
Independent and team-oriented way of working
Excellent communication and cooperation skills combined with a high degree of customer orientation
 You will work together with a team on exciting and challenging topics in a state-of-the-art, innovative and creative environment. Intensive induction "on the job" with competent colleagues guarantees a quick start in the independent processing of tasks. A performance-related payment, the promotion of your personal development and professional qualification are a matter of course for us. Since 2009, Evonik Industries AG, as a family-friendly company, has received the "audit berufundfamilie" award from the "Initiative of the non-profit Hertie Foundation".

Here you can learn more about Evonik directly from our employees:
https://careers.evonik.com/en/about-us/that-are-we/	Engineer - process engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:43.913000
