9277	11882	PLC programmer / commissioning engineer (f/m/d)	Are you interested in automation and are you confident in handling Beckhoff TwinCAT II and III - see your future in the field of commissioning - then take your decisive career step, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us.

Job description:
Your area of ​​responsibility includes the development of automation solutions for complex special machines. In this context, you will be involved in the preparation of offers for customer inquiries. You will also develop existing software solutions (Beckhoff TwinCat II and III) and existing standards in terms of the continuous improvement process standards for the implementation of automation tasks on test benches. You are responsible for the support and the provision of services on existing systems and you support customers with problems and questions.

Your profile:
Successfully completed studies in the field of electrical engineering, mechatronics or a comparable qualification with professional experience in the above-mentioned areaExperience with Beckhoff TwinCat II and III PLC, visualization and drive technologyIdeally knowledge of other programming environments, such as Siemens Step 7/TIAWillingness to travel worldwide for commissioning and service

We offer:
Working at Brunel means diversity - from medium-sized companies to hidden champions to DAX companies; whether road, ship, rail, air or space; traditional or innovative; from development to finished product; national or international; from young professionals to experienced professionals. We offer you countless opportunities to help shape technological progress, and all of this with a single employer.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 45 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and over 100 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - electrical engineering	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering and IT. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:33.819000
