8109	10714	Porter (w/m/d)	Our hotels - or how the beds got into the coffee shop Just stay overnight in your favorite café? No problem! Since the opening of our first shop in 1999, you and your coffee enjoyment have been our focus. In addition to our delicious coffee and the right snacks, this also includes the uniquely cozy coffee shop atmosphere, which you can now enjoy in any of our hotel rooms! And the best? Just like in all our coffee shops, we also attach great importance to making your stay with you as sustainable as possible in the hotel. Sounds good? We think so too! Be our guest and convince yourself of "the beds in the coffee shop". Your tasks You receive and look after our guests warmly You take care of a friendly and courteous check-in/check-out You are happy to receive guest feedback and, if things have not gone so well, you will find optimal solutions to make our guests happy again to be provided Contact person for employees and guests during this time You process the reservations independently You create the daily accounts and various sales statistics You independently and trustfully run the night shift at the reception You regularly undertake inspection tours of the hotel You have overall responsibility for the hotel during the night shift You are willing to help out at the breakfast buffet if required Your ingredients You speak German and English well You have gained initial experience at the hotel reception and in reservations You handle the hotel software HS3 and MS Office safely You are prudent, reliable and responsible even in difficult situations You are a host with heart and soul You are willing to work in shifts Our ingredients We train you extensively and effectively in your new job in our team We offer a demanding, appreciative and varied job with space for your own ideas We live an appreciative Working atmosphere in a harmonious and motivated team We have short decision-making processes and flat hierarchies with many development opportunities We are a family company with long-term perspectives, an innovative brand that has proven itself even in the crisis We offer you attractive and performance-oriented remuneration We offer you professional training and Would you like to win new fans and inspire existing ones with us? Then make us an unbeatable offer, stating your salary expectations. We look forward to seeing you! You don't meet all the points of our job profile right away? No problem ? then we'll set off together. Your personal contact is:   Simon Schlereth Tel:	Night-Auditor	None	2023-03-07 16:07:10.754000
