3581	6186	Postdoctoral Research Fellow - Medical Data Science (m/f/d)	The Dept Anaesthesiology, Intensive Care, Emergency and Pain Medicine (Direktor: Prof. Dr. P. Meybohm) of the University Hospital of Würzburg is hiring a

Postdoctoral Research Fellow - Medical Data Science & Machine Learning Engineer (f/m/d, E13 TV-L, 100%) for 2 years, extension possible  About the project
The position is available within the Clinical Research Group KFO5001 ResolvePAIN funded by the German Research Foundation (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft). In this research consortium, we collected serum and skin biomarkers, MRI imaging, sensory profiles, and clinical phenotypes from our longitudinal study and now aim at developing and applying machine learning methods to discover predictors of pain resolution across several diseases. The project will also employ transcriptome data from human and rodent tissue to decipherer pain resolution pathways. As a postdoc, you will be hosted in the research group led by Claudia Sommer and Heike Rittner and collaborate with members of the KFO5001. We value development of future own project ideas. Your profile
Minimum requirements:

	PhD in Bioinformatics, Data Sciences, Machine Learning, or a closely related field.
	A proven track record in big (medical) data analysis, machine learning using deep learning techniques.
	Strong programming skills in Python and C++, coupled with knowledge and experience in computer vision and machine learning frameworks, such as OpenCV, TensorFlow or PyTorch, and CUDA.


Preferred qualifications:


	Research experience relevant for the position, a proven track record of publications, or contributions to machine learning codebases
	Scientific knowledge in medicine or biology
	Experience working with biomedical or clinical data
	Experience in any of the following: large scale deep learning, generative models, deep learning for drug discovery, graph neural networks
 Our offer
We are offering you an exciting research position in an expanding medical field with clear therapeutic implementation at a highly renowned university. You will part of a welcoming, interdisciplinary, and active team of a clinical research group covering pain research from fruit flies to patients and patient derived cells. We are well-connected across the university hospital as well as the Julius-Maximilians-University and internationally. We are committed to ensuring you to conduct research with a high amount of purpose and autonomy, a collegial work atmosphere and ongoing career mentoring.

We provide a salary in accordance with the TV-L as well as all corresponding benefits, e.g., extensive visa and onboarding assistance, 30 days/year of paid vacation, flexible working hours, discounted public transportation, family friendly surrounding, and the benefits of the University Hospital Würzburg.

We value diversity in science, and particularly look forward to receiving applications from women, non-binary people, and researchers from underrepresented groups across cultures, genders, ethnicities, and lifestyles. We actively promote the compatibility of science, work, studies, family life and care work. In case of equal qualification and experience, physically challenged applicants are given preference.	Database Administrator	None	2023-03-07 15:57:53.762000
