3573	6178	Postdoc Biology, Chemistry - Pharmaco-Omics of cancer	The Dr. Margarete Fischer-Bosch Institute of Clinical Pharmacology, Stuttgart (Director Prof. Dr. M. Schwab) is operated by the Robert Bosch Foundation. Since its foundation in 1973, the institute has emerged as Germany's largest and most renowned scientific research unit in the field of clinical pharmacology. Main research activities concentrate on the impact of genetic and non-genetic factors on variability of drug response and their contributions to disease progression, particularly related to cancer. 
	Characterization of primary tumors on different molecular levels using state-of-the-art methods (e.g. genomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics)
	Application and adaption of a broad spectrum of molecular and cell biological techniques, including FACS analyses, immunohistochemistry, and immunofluorescence
	Establishment and characterization of patient-derived tumor models (e.g., organoids)
	Functional testing of drug effects using in vitro and pre-clinically relevant in vivo models
	Analysis of clinical and experimental datasets (e.g., immunohistochemistry, gene expression) using established biostatistics and bioinformatics approaches
	A close link to clinical aspects of cancer research as primary research aim
 
	Doctoral degree (e.g., PhD, Dr. rer.nat.) in biology, biochemistry, molecular medicine, pharmaceutical sciences or a related discipline
	Experience and strong background in molecular biology, human genetics and cell culture technology
	Hands on experience with 3D cell culture and in vivo tumor models would be beneficial
	Experience with ”omics” analyses and data interpretation (next-generation sequencing, transcriptomics, metabolomics)
	Interest in oncology and personalized medicine
	Excellent English written and oral communication skills and experience in writing scientific articles
 
	The opportunity to work in an interactive and interdisciplinary team
	State-of-the-art equipment and innovative technologies for a wide range of different applications (genomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics) and expert knowledge within the different core facilities at the institute
	The opportunity to communicate scientific results at international conferences and to participate in workshops
	Flexible starting date (earliest starting date as of now)
	We offer the opportunity for personal academic career development	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:52.779000
