3405	6010	Postman for parcels and letters in Bielefeld-Stieghorst (m/f/d)	Become a postman for parcels and letters in Bielefeld-Stieghorst What we offer * 14.34 € tariff hourly wage - plus vacation and Christmas bonus * You can start immediately indefinitely / limited full-time / part-time * A crisis-proof job, guaranteed salary increase according to the collective agreement and punctual Salary payments * Possibility of paying overtime * Free provision of high-quality work clothing * Detailed instruction (paid) - we will get you fit for delivery * Permanent takeover and development opportunities (e.g. site manager) possible with good performance and open positions * Attractive employee offers such as employer-financed ones Company pension scheme, bicycle leasing, discounts from mobile phone providers, etc. Your tasks as a postman with us * Delivery of letters and parcels with the tools provided * Delivery on 5 working days (between Monday and Saturday) * Shipments on average under 10 kg * Delivery with our company vehicles, e.g. fully electric vehicles What you offer as a deliverer * You are allowed to drive a car * You can converse in German * You are weatherproof and can get things done * You are reliable and get involved Become a postman at Deutsche Post DHL Deliver as a postman you mail and parcels to the people in your district. You don't let the weather spoil your mood and you're on the road five working days a week (between Monday and Saturday). We also welcome career changers or students, because you count as you are! We look forward to receiving your application as a driver, ideally online! Simply click on the 'Apply' button - even without a CV. CONNECTING PEOPLE, IMPROVING LIVES #become one of us #become one of uspostman	Helper - courier, delivery and postal services	Deutsche Post DHL Group is the world's leading
Logistics and mail communication company. DPDHL Group focuses on being the first choice for customers, employees and investors worldwide. It connects people, enables global trade and makes a positive contribution to the world through responsible business conduct and corporate citizenship.
Deutsche Post DHL Group combines two strong brands:
Deutsche Post is Europe's leading postal service provider,
while DHL has an extensive service portfolio in the areas of global growth markets
representing international express shipping, freight transportation, e-commerce and supply chain management.	2023-03-07 15:57:32.103000
