3495	6100	Postdoc Biology - CRISPR, Structural Biology (m/f/d)	The Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main is one of the largest universities in Germany with around 44,000 students and with about 5,700 employees. Founded in 1914 by Frankfurt citizens and since 2008 once again proud of its foundation status Goethe University possesses a high degree of autonomy, modernity, and professional diversity. As a comprehensive university, the Goethe University offers a total of 16 departments on five campuses and more than 150 degree programs along with an outstanding research reputation.The Institute of Biochemistry ( www.biochem.uni-frankfurt.de ) in the Department of Biochemistry, Chemistry and Pharmaceutical Sciences of Goethe University Frankfurt am Main offers the position of a



Postdoctoral Researcher (m/f/d) Structural Biology on Membrane-Associated Assemblies 
(E 13 TV-G-U)

starting at the next possible date, initially funded until June 30th, 2026, with the option of extension. The salary grade is based on the job characteristics of the collective agreement applicable to Goethe University (TV-G-U).


We are looking for an ambitious scientist who will join our international team studying membrane assemblies and machineries, thus making pioneering contributions to biomedicine and the treatment of diseases ( www.sfb1507.de - References: Sušac et al. 2022 Cell; Dominick et al. 2022 Nat Commun; Sanchez et al. 2021 Science; Blees et al. 2017 Nature). We offer high-level and multifaceted research projects on Science Campus Riedberg, a stimulating working atmosphere, excellent training opportunities, and attractive social benefits (i.a. job ticket, pension scheme, sports facilities, daycare center).
 The successful applicant will use cutting-edge methods of biochemistry, cell and structural biology to unravel how cellular machineries operate temporally and spatially to orchestrate the immune response against infected and cancerous cells. Our research infrastructure includes cryo-EM, X-ray crystallography, advanced imaging techniques, CRISPR-based gene editing, and intelligent probe technologies. Within project P18 of CRC 1507, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to pursue her / his academic career by developing and implementing own scientific research.
 Candidates having demonstrated outstanding contributions in biochemistry, structural biology, or a closely related field are encouraged to apply. The successful candidate should have significant experience in the above-mentioned technologies and present a strong publication record in quality peer-reviewed journals. Very good IT skills, teaching experience, creative thinking, and the ability to work both independently and collaboratively to lead a small team of students are required.	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:43.166000
