3497	6102	Postdoc Biology, Physics - Electron Cryo-Tomography (m/f/d)	The Max Planck Institute of Molecular Physiology in Dortmund is part of the Max Planck Society and has a focus on biomedical basic research. Around 500 employees from more than 30 nations work here.


The Max Planck Institute of Molecular Physiology seeks to fill


Postdoc Positions (m/f/div)
in Electron Cryo-Tomography (Cryo-ET)

There are exciting immediate postdoctoral positions in the lab of Stefan Raunser in the Department of Structural Biochemistry at the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Physiology in Dortmund, Germany. This is a unique opportunity to become a part of a world-renowned research institute with a diverse faculty with backgrounds in chemistry, biology, and physics and to perform interdisciplinary science in a lively and supportive environment!


We seek highly motivated, self-driven, and creative thinkers who are prepared to take risks in defining and addressing important scientific problems and who use quantitative, experimental, computational, and/or technical approaches in their work. The positions are available immediately in the Department of Structural Biochemistry (Director: Stefan Raunser) and are initially limited to three years.
 Research projects in the Raunser lab focus on important biological questions concerning the structural organization of muscles, cytoskeletal proteins, and bacterial toxin complexes. Our ultimate goal is to understand the mechanisms and structure-function relationship underlying these processes in health and disease in molecular detail. To this end, we employ single particle electron cryo-microscopy (cryo-EM), cryogenic focused ion beam milling (cryo-FIB), electron cryo-tomography (cryo-ET), X-ray crystallography, biochemical and biophysical methods, and cell biology.


There are several projects available in our lab for talented and outstanding young researchers who are eager to apply cryo-FIB and cryo-ET to look deeper into cells and tissues in order to visualize and understand cellular components that have never been seen before.
 Ideal candidates should hold an excellent PhD in structural biology, biophysics, physics, or in an equivalent area with previous experience in single-particle cryo-EM or cryo-ET.


Strong written and oral communication skills in English are required.
 Being a part of the community at the Max Planck Institute is more than just a job. Our dynamic research environment, distinct culture, and diverse community foster collaboration and excellence in every corner of science. We offer an extensive range of benefits and resources such as:



	access to state-of-the-art research facilities
	opportunities to collaborate on cutting-edge research
	an international and exciting working atmosphere
	an integrated training program that includes lectures, advanced scientific workshops, complementary skill courses, and opportunities for career development
	a mentoring program to guide and promote young scientists


Salary:

Payment depends on personal conditions and qualification according to the directive of the TVöD. Social benefits correspond to those of the public service.	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:43.413000
