3637	6242	Postal worker (m/f/d)	A variety of tasks await you
They open incoming letters, document registered mail, provide documents with an entry note and sort them by subject.
To do this, the incoming mail is assigned to our responsible departments and prepared for digital or physical/manual mail distribution.
You also check incoming material deliveries for completeness and correctness.
If you provide an inaccurate address, you can conduct in-depth research into the distribution of mail to the departments of the AOK Lower Saxony.

Your skills
You have completed vocational training and ideally professional experience in the area of ​​responsibility.
You have knowledge of office organization and the use of office technology.

These are your benefits
We offer you general and subject-specific further training in our in-house training center or online via our digital learning platform.
Working hours in the early shift give you planning security: do your work part-time from 5:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
An annual health subsidy of EUR 150 supports e.g. Your membership in a sports club, in a gym or when you bought a bike.
Through our partner platforms "Machtfit" and "Corporate Benefits" we offer exclusive employee conditions with well-known providers.
In addition to an attractive collective agreement (group 3/4 BAT/AOK-Neu), we offer you various social benefits, such as B. Christmas and holiday pay.
You can find a comprehensive overview of our employee benefits here.




We will gladly answer your questions
Find out more about the area of ​​responsibility directly from your contact person Özlem Wenske on 0511 8701-15950.
Information on the status of your application can be obtained from our applicant office on 0511/8701 0.

additional text
Applications from severely disabled people are expressly encouraged.	Service Specialist - Post Office	The AOK Lower Saxony is one of the largest employers in the future-oriented healthcare sector in Lower Saxony. Just as we are committed to our customers, we are also a reliable and fair partner for our 6,750 employees. You are our most important asset. As an employer, we offer our employees excellent framework conditions for their success and career. We make it possible to reconcile performance with life planning, leisure time and family.
Vocational training or a course of study at the AOK Lower Saxony offers you a wide range of career opportunities in exciting and dynamic fields.	2023-03-07 15:58:00.672000
