6308	8913	Powder coater (m/f/d) as shift manager	Your new employer:
Our partner has been a market-leading manufacturer of agricultural machinery since 1948. Our customer has been growing continuously for many years and is therefore looking for additional reinforcement for his team. Use the direct entry to work in an exciting and innovative company based in Soest.

Machines and plant operators (m/f/d) as shift supervisors

Location: Soest, Westphalia
Employment type(s): full-time
Working time: 35 - 40 hours per week

Your tasks:
- You ensure the optimal utilization of the system
- You run a shift
- You carry out quality checks
- You carry out instructions
- You optimize the coloring process

What you bring with you:
- You have been trained as an electrician, mechatronics technician or machine and plant operator
- You're handy
- You like working in a team
- You would like to hold a managerial position as a shift manager

Why we? Convince yourself!
-
Permanent employment contracts with flexible design (e.g. time account regulation)

-
above-average pay and good chances of being hired (55% takeover rate in 2022)

-
Holiday bonus, Christmas bonus, pension scheme (after the end of the probationary period)

-
Further training opportunities (forklift or crane training)

-
Driving service - from home to work

-
Bonuses for mediation of 300 euros (recommendation to new colleagues)

-
Always open jobs (m/f/d) in the field of: locksmith, welder, locksmith assistant, warehouse helper,
Production workers, warehouse logistics specialists, electricians, forklift drivers, machine operators

-
High-quality work clothing including shoes





Do you have any questions or would you like to simplify the application process? No problem!

Call us, we will be happy to answer all your questions and get to know each other personally. You are also welcome to send us your contact details by email or WhatsApp, we will call you back!

You can find other positions at www.fides-personalservice.de

Join the Fides team and benefit from a suitable job and above-average remuneration.
Fair temporary work with job offers in Hamm, Soest and Unna.

The Fides team looks forward to seeing you!

Contact details for job advertisement
Mr Kevin Smith
-Recruiter-

Fides Personalservice GmbH
Martin-Luther-Str. 9
59065 Hamm

Tel: 02381-9156474
WhatsApp: 0174-3124812
Email: info@fides-personalservice.de
Collective agreement: IGZ/ DGB	Process mechanic - coating technology	We are a regional personnel service provider with many years of experience in the field of personnel leasing and placement. We successfully work with companies from various industries. The employee is our focus. We are known for our good working atmosphere and for qualified, highly motivated employees in the fields of mechanical and steel construction, electrical engineering, warehousing and logistics. Your qualifications and commitment are the key to our success.	2023-03-07 16:03:30.091000
