7804	10409	PR Assistant (m/w/d)	Do you have organizational talent and are you interested in the topic of public relations? Would you like to support an international mobility company with its external and internal communication? Do you already have professional experience in comparable positions and would you like to be part of a dynamic and growing team? For our location in Pullach near Munich we are looking for a PR Assistant (m/f/d) as soon as possible and offer a varied and exciting job with many learning and development opportunities. Apply now to SIXT! What you do with us: You are the central first point of contact for coordinating the press mailbox and the press telephone You support research in relation to content creation You are involved in the maintenance of the corporate website including content management You support the team with internal quality and process management (including filing system, project and deadline management, etc.) You organize and coordinate meetings, help with scheduling and preparation and support the team in administrative and organizational matters What What you bring with you: You have successfully completed commercial training or specific training in the PR/marketing area, as well as initial professional experience in relevant positions You bring a high degree of initiative and organizational talent are a person with strong communication skills with a structured way of working, the ability to work in a team and Quality orientation You are confident in using Microsoft Office You are fluent in spoken and written German and English At best, you already have experience with content management systems Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners we are in more than 110 L	Public-Relations-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:33.171000
