7828	10433	Praktikant Social Media (m/w/d)	The roller coasters "head over heels" and "full steam" Tripsdrill ? A real experience for young and old The Tripsdrill adventure park is located between Heilbronn and Stuttgart. With over 100 original attractions, it offers unlimited fun for the whole family ? from fast-paced roller coasters and splashy water shot rides to cozy family attractions. The associated wildlife paradise is home to over 60 different animal species on an area of ​​47 hectares. In the Tripsdrill nature resort, tree houses and shepherd wagons invite you to spend the night in an unusual way. We are looking for an intern (m/f/d) for three or six months from February/March 2023. Your activities at a glance In close coordination with the social media team, you will work on your own projects and support day-to-day business: Support in managing the social media channels Instagram, Facebook, TikTok and Youtube Further development of the channels and implementation of campaigns Participation in the creation of different content formats as well as independent projects KPI-based monitoring and creation of reports Active community management Image and video editing What you bring with you You are a student in the field of business administration or a similar/ comparable course of study You have a high degree of creativity and good expressiveness You have a passion for social media and digital trends You are flexible, responsible, reliable and always interested in learning new things. You also like working in a team. You are characterized by a structured, careful and independent way of working. You have mastered the MS Office package (Word, Excel, Outlook). Other online tools or image processing skills are an advantage Knowledge of English and/or other foreign languages ​​is an advantage We look forward to receiving your application, stating your possible internship period. You can also benefit from our employee benefits. Contact Christina Dafeldecker Erlebnispark Tripsdrill Erlebnispark-Tripsdrill-Straße 1 74389 Cleebronn / Tripsdrill Tel.: +49 (0) 71 35 / 99 99	Specialist - Marketing/Sales/Distribution	None	2023-03-07 16:06:36.225000
