1492	4097	Printer (m/f/d) in the field of offset printing	We are now looking for:
Printer (m/f/d) offset printing in 76477 Elchesheim-Illingen in permanent position.

Our partner is a medium-sized printing company that produces printed matter of all kinds in addition to newsletters. The print shop is characterized by technically innovative organization and a clear sustainability concept. The family working atmosphere offers the best working conditions.

Responsibilities:

• Operation and monitoring of Heidelberg and KOMORI printing machines
• Maintenance and care of the printing machines

Requirements:

• Relevant work experience as an offset printer
• Quality awareness and color security
• Willingness to work shifts
• A sense of responsibility, the ability to work in a team and enjoy overcoming printing challenges

We offer you...

...a pleasant and cooperative working atmosphere in a dynamic team, as well as safe and good working conditions with modern technology in a future-oriented and climate-neutral company.

Would you like to change? That stays between us!

If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

Telephone interviews and job interviews can also take place after work.

All job advertisements are always aimed at male, female and diverse applicants, regardless of age, gender, origin, sexual orientation, disability, religion and ideology.
Applicants are selected solely on the basis of their qualifications.

Does that sound good? Then apply now. We look forward to seeing you!

NEYC Consulting is an empathetic and solution-oriented partner for professional personnel consulting. We have been developing the best personnel marketing and recruiting concepts for our customers for many years. We have been successfully supporting many of them in personnel matters for several years and support you in finding the best specialists and talents.	Small offset printer	We, NEYC Consulting, are your empathetic and solution-oriented personnel consultancy. For many years we have been improving internal processes in order to be able to offer our customers the best staffing and recruitment solutions. We develop successful recruitment solutions for our customers and support companies from various industries in their search for the right employees.
We are actively looking for the dream job for our applicants. Applicant management is free, discreet and anonymous. Apply to our open vacancies or send an unsolicited application.	2023-03-07 15:53:36.500000
