6200	8805	Privatkundenberater (m/w/d)	Our company: With a balance sheet total of over 7.4 billion euros, we are the largest southern Baden savings bank in one of the most attractive areas of the Black Forest, close to Switzerland and France. As a powerful savings bank with innovative concepts and around 1,000 committed and competent employees, we secure market leadership in our region.
  Private Client Advisor (m/f/d)
WHAT MAKES THE ACTIVITY DETAILS:
   Advising our private customers actively and holistically, taking into account sustainable customer loyalty, by independently developing optimal financial solutions
   Active, sales-oriented customer approach including new customer acquisition
  Provision of high-quality and case-closing services

YOUR SKILLS:
 Apprenticeship as a bank clerk or comparable training
Completed course to become a banking specialist or interested in completing one
Negotiation skills and high customer orientation
Joy in achieving challenging goals
Strong communication skills and a confident, customer-oriented demeanor
First experiences in customer consulting, ideally using the holistic consulting approach

GOOD TO KNOW:
  We work with OSPlus and OSPlus_neo - never heard of it? It doesn't matter - we will accompany you professionally during the induction phase.
WHAT DOES SPARKASSE FREIBURG-NÖRDlicher BREISGAU OFFER?
  Great colleagues in the largest southern Baden savings bank with a balance sheet total of 7.9 billion euros
A varied job in a great team
Hansefit, Jobrad and VAG Jobticket, etc.
Employer-funded pension
Participation in costs for further training and courses of study
Permanent employment according to TVöD-S
Possibility of mobile work

  HOW TO APPLY IF INTERESTED?
    We look forward to your online application.
DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS? REGISTER WITH US! Britta Schweizer, Human Resources Manager
  Tel: 0761/215-1516, email: britta.schweizer@sparkasse-freiburg.de
www.sparkasse-freiburg.de	bank clerk	None	2023-03-07 16:03:16.928000
