3513	6118	Process engineer electrical engineering, process engineering (m/f/d)	About Heraeus:
Solutions from the Heraeus Group ensure faster internet, rid water of germs and get hearts beating in the right rhythm. As a globally leading family-owned portfolio company, we combine material expertise and technology leadership and create a wide variety of products that all have one thing in common: quality at world-class level. Together we shape the future and ensure innovations in the fields of environment, electronics, health and industrial applications. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family companies in Germany and employs around 16,200 people in 40 countries.

About Heraeus Nexensos
We are the experts for reliable temperature sensors, even at extreme temperatures and in demanding applications. As the world market leader for platinum thin-film technologies, we offer sensor elements and assemblies with the highest quality standards from -200 °C to +1,000 °C. In this way, we enable reliable and sustainable applications and thus make an important contribution to central issues of our time, such as clean air, energy efficiency and resource conservation. We accompany our customers from rapid prototyping to large-scale production and with constantly adapted production capacities in Europe and Asia.

Electrical engineer / process engineer as process engineer structuring thin film (m/f/x)
Location Kleinostheim
Indefinite
full time
As an \"electrical engineer / process engineer as a process engineer for thin-film structuring (m/f/d)\" your analytical mind is required in the manufacture of our temperature sensors: With your specialist expertise, you will continuously develop thin-film technology and optimize the relevant processes for smooth production.
You are responsible for a stable production process for the structuring of temperature sensors in thin-film technology that meets quality standards, target yield and productivity goals.
In the process engineering team, you will oversee and optimize the structuring process (coating, lithography, ion etching) and process control using an optical image processing system (AOI).
You will also support the development and optimization of relevant production processes.
In addition, you also qualify new machines and materials. In this way you ensure that our production is always state-of-the-art.
Thanks to your excellent interpretation skills, also through the determination and evaluation of machine data, you quickly draw the right conclusions from technologically important influencing parameters.
Last but not least, you will be involved in various teams with a focus on CIP, TPM, TAV (technical system availability) and 5S.
 
Successfully completed studies in microelectronics, electrical engineering, experimental physics, process engineering or a comparable qualification
Professional experience in thin-film technology and in optical analysis methods with image processing systems
Experience in project management, working in clean rooms and in the application of statistical analysis methods
Confident knowledge of German and English and experienced in dealing with common user programs
Purposeful and imaginative personality with a reliable way of working, team player qualities and a hands-on mentality	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:45.398000
