5974	8579	Process engineer (m/f/d)	Are you looking for a new professional challenge and would you like to work internationally? You are an innovative personality who can convince with a high degree of communication skills, resilience and flexibility. Then support our company as a
Process engineer (m/f/d)
Start your new professional career with us!
From the manual workstation to the fully automatic assembly line, ATN Hölzel GmbH develops and produces state-of-the-art automation and application systems for the manufacturing industry. In the field of application technology, we are one of the world's leading companies and one of the "technological pioneers". Numerous new developments, which today are part of the technical standard in many areas, come from the house of ATN Hölzel GmbH. The automotive industry is one of our largest customers. More than 100 million vehicles built with ATN automation and application systems are on the road worldwide today. We are represented internationally with branches in the USA, China, Spain and Brazil. We offer you the opportunity to face new professional challenges in a very varied and interesting working environment.

We suit you if you:

develop process engineering systems with the creation of requirement profiles and would like to contribute your ideas to the implementation
Having fun designing and developing new technologies and products up to series production and specifications in the form of technical systems
want to create extensive specifications, cost estimates and quality standards, e.g. by evaluating sample structures and developing and documenting program processes
like to analyze individual components and carry out calculations on components to evaluate the optimal use
to train the operating and maintenance staff and to be responsible for the assembly and commissioning of the systems internally and externally
take active cooperation with internal and external specialist departments for granted in order to support customer projects


You are a good match for us if you:

have a degree as a state-certified technician, bachelor's, master's or graduate engineer or comparable professional experience in the field of process engineering
have experience in dealing with calculations, dimensioning and design of process engineering components
have very good knowledge of spoken and written English
have a flexible willingness to travel internationally and would like to work in a team
a structured, independent and detailed way of working count among your strengths
show a high degree of initiative and communication skills


We offer you:

a challenging and interesting job
a motivated, dynamic team and a modern workplace
active participation by contributing your own ideas
interesting, varied and responsible tasks
good development opportunities and realization
flexible working hours within the framework of operational conditions
Health promotion measures and regular employee events

You are interested and would like to become part of ATN Hölzel GmbH. Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents, including your salary expectations, preferably by e-mail.
Apply now!
personal@atngmbh.de	Engineer - process engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.014000
