8090	10695	Process Manager Fleet (m/f/d)	In the area of ​​Global Fleet Management, we form the global bracket for all fleet processes, from entering the fleet to leaving the fleet, including logistics and repairs, of our vehicles in cooperation with the international fleet managers. Our fleet is our largest asset for our mobility offerings and we have to keep this asset available and in perfect technical condition for our customers throughout the term. To this end, we develop international process and product innovations with a maximum of transparency, automation and digitization. What you do with us: You are responsible for operational process analyzes in the areas of logistics, repairs and other fleet costs and you define and develop global process standards together with the fleet managers in our corporate countries and our team. You take on independent projects for product and process innovations in operational fleet management you develop measures independently and in a team with the global fleet managers that lead to the achievement of our division OKRs and follow them proactively You develop concepts and decision-making templates for the team and ensure the implementation e.g. for projects, workshops, annual planning, congresses and much more You coordinate inquiries from our corporate countries in the area of ​​fleet management, coordinate them with the stakeholders in HQ and proactively communicate their solutions What you bring: You enjoy understanding processes, structuring them and deriving recommendations for action using analyzes You work in a focused manner and close topics and can make your contribution to the success of the department both in a team and independently You are willing to learn new topics, quickly familiarize yourself with new issues and want to further expand your experience in project and process management You already have initial experience with Jira , Confluence, MS Excel and other MS Office applications or comparable tools You feel comfortable in an international environment and have no difficulty in switching spontaneously between German and English in day-to-day business Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: In the Customer Experience & Quality Management department, we are responsible for the quality of our global station network and customer satisfaction. We measure customer satisfaction, analyze customer feedback and derive measures to improve processes. In addition, we carry out regular checks in our stations - both nationally and internationally. The customer always has top priority - the customer is the boss! About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (Au	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:08.435000
