5928	8533	Processing in the field of e-government with a focus on D...	In the Lower Saxony UNESCO World Heritage town of Goslar with its approx. 50,000 inhabitants, there is a permanent full-time position for clerical work in the field of e-government with a focus on document management systems (m/f/d) in the department of central services, specialist service organization, as soon as possible. to be filled according to salary group E 10 TVöD / VKA. Your future tasks will include: Introduction and permanent application assurance of a document management system for the departments of the city administration Conception, implementation, permanent support and further development of the city DMS system Central contact person for system questions Conception, coordination and implementation of user training including documentation Quality assurance of measures Planning, Implementation and management of (partial) projects, such as B. Interface connections Advice to the departments on digital issues Project planning and development of possible solutions and support of the organizational units to improve work processes through technical applications Expansion and coordination of digital processes Analysis and updating of concepts for the implementation of digital processes as well as coordination and implementation Participation in the integration of accompanying processes (E.g. electronic identity functions) Organizational development in the context of the municipal e-government strategy Further development and optimization of change processes in the focus of the task and organizational structure of e-government as an organizational development measure Our requirements for you are: a completed computer science degree, preferably administrative computer science or business informatics or a completed degree in economics with a focus on IT In addition, you must have: Experience with the further development and optimization of change processes Ability to work analytically and conceptually and to develop topics independently, as well as resourcefulness High level of comprehension and communication skills Distinct ability to deal with conflict and good social behavior are important for the performance of tasks : Insights into the areas of responsibility of different organizational units, if possible in the municipal area Several years of work in the administrative area of ​​document management systems or specialist applications High thinking and judgment skills Forward-looking planning behavior and knowledge of project and process management Knowledge of the introduction, expansion and application security of digital systems We offer you: Remuneration according to salary group E 10 TVöD/VKA Flexible working hours / mobile working 30 days of vacation per year as well as an annual bonus Performance-related payment Offers in health management Training in a committed team and supporting team Good oral and written German language skills (comparable to language level C 2 of the GER) are required. Applications from severely disabled people are welcome. Please let us know in your application if you have a severe disability/equal treatment in order to protect your interests. The city of Goslar is striving to reduce underrepresentation in all areas and positions in accordance with the Lower Saxony Equal Rights Act (NGG). Therefore, applications from men (m/d) are particularly welcome. In the case of qualifications obtained abroad, proof of equivalency with a German qualification must be enclosed. Further information can be found on the website of the Central Office for Foreign Education (ZAB) under Website. We look forward to receiving your application online via our website application portal by March 22, 2023. The head of the department, Claudia Marx, (05321 704 454 / claudia.marx@goslar.de) will be happy to provide you with technical information. General questions about the application process...	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:43.361000
