7642	10247	Process manager (m/f/d)	You accompany the international introduction of software solutions and projects in the claims area. You love complex data contexts and like to get to the bottom of things? You have several years of professional experience as a process manager (m/f/d) or comparable and are now looking for a new challenge in an entertaining, international, varied environment that includes several business areas and countries with more drive? Sounds good? Then apply now as a process manager (m/f/d)! What you do with us: As a process manager (m/f/d) you optimize standardized processes in claims and work on the design, documentation and establishment of intuitive, simpler ?end-to-end? Processes for an optimal customer experience with You work (specification, checking, coordination, testing) requirements in claims management as part of customer and needs-oriented software development You develop and analyze technical concepts for the new and further development of our products and processes in the claims area You work across teams with specialist departments such as IT development, (international) claims management, payments, receivables management and controlling. You manage and moderate a wide variety of stakeholder interests in order to ensure project success What you bring: You have successfully completed a degree in economics or a comparable qualification You have already had several years of professional experience as a process manager, requirements manager or business development manager (m/f/d) Ideally, you have knowledge in at least one of the following areas: Methods of requirements analysis or requirements or systems engineering, business process analysis and modelling, You have advanced knowledge of MS Office (especially MS Excel, MS Powerpoint) You have a strong cooperation and ability to work in a team, structured and result-oriented way of working and you are also strong in communication You are solution-oriented, ideally paired with a goal-oriented independent way of working You speak fluent German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 ? for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., free cyber sports courses and free training for your individual development. We also give you a mobility allowance of 20?/month for the way to work, regardless of whether you come to work with the BVG, by car, by bike or on foot. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers in all business areas of SIXT SE. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:13.318000
