9540	12145	Production Manager (m|w|d]	Job Description



What is it like working at JDE?

We are proud of our passionate, dedicated employees who
challenging the status quo and doing their best in everything they do.
Our goal is simple but ambitious - JDE: A coffee & tea for everyone
Cup!

At JDE we don't just get involved - we get involved. Every day we are
progressive in our views, ambitious in our nature,
resourceful in our actions and resolute in our approach
all people around the world special coffee and tea moments
offer.

As a *Production Manager (m/f/d) *you are responsible for the management
of the production team. Your tasks also include:

· Responsibility for maintaining and improving safety and security
Quality in production
· Management of the production and logistics team, including further development
and coaching of shift supervisors and production engineers
· Ensuring smooth production according to plan, within the
Cost specifications (budget)
· Continuous improvement of line efficiency using
MOS/TPM methods
· Implementation of process improvements through standardization,
automation, projects
developing and promoting a culture of personal responsibility,
Autonomy and systematic problem solving in a team
· Management of the AM Pillar in the plant

qualifications

For this role as *Production Manager (m/f/d)* we are looking for someone who
has the following skills and experience:

University degree/Master in mechanical engineering, process engineering,
Industrial engineering or equivalent education
· Basic product and process knowledge
· At least 7 years of professional experience
· At least 3 years of experience in a managerial position at a plant,
ideally in the food industry
· Experience and pleasure in leadership and development
· Analytical thinking, communication skills and team spirit paired with
a healthy dose of assertiveness
· Sound knowledge of TPM, Lean, Six Sigma
· Very good command of spoken and written English
· Solid knowledge of MS Office, SAP, ERP systems

Additional Information

your benefits

· Responsible, varied and interesting tasks in one
global coffee and tea company
· Intensive induction and individual development opportunities
JDE Group
· Direct feedback and thus the chance to develop personally and professionally
to develop

START DATE: as soon as possible
LOCATION: Elmshorn
No limitation
WORKING HOURS: 37 h/week, flextime

Apply for this position using the "Apply now" button.

If you have any questions about this position, you can contact Annica Lampe.

/*Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
are values ​​that we anchor in the company under the umbrella "TrueYou" and
life. We create an environment for all employees that is shaped
of diversity and difference, of justice and fairness and of
a sense of belonging that allows everyone to fulfill their potential
unfold. DE&I is embedded in our global sustainability strategy:
/.*

*JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS DE GmbH *- Langemarckstraße 16 - 28199 Bremen |
Germany - Bremen District Court, HRB 30464 | Manager: John
Brands, Andreas Windler, Csaba Juhasz, Uschi Wagener, Gerald Hammer,
Suitbert Hellman | Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Michael Baminger

| startyourcareer(at)jdecoffee.com

Follow us on and learn more about JDE there!	Head of Production/Manufacturing	None	2023-03-07 16:10:06.224000
