8435	11040	Product Manager - Fleet Business Development Strategy (m/w/d)	Are you interested in the mobility concepts of tomorrow, are you a networker and enjoy strategic projects? Then join our team and shape the future of mobility as a Product Manager - Fleet Business Development Strategy (m/f/d) with SIXT. In this role, you will act as a strategic link and initiator of various projects to further expand our successful business relationships with international automobile manufacturers/OEMs and to advance the global expansion of our mobility network. Sounds exciting? Then strengthen our team in the Fleet Business Development department at our company headquarters in Munich. What you do with us: At SIXT you are responsible for the conception of new value-added products and services in the Fleet Business Development Strategy department, which aim to establish and expand our business relationships with international automobile manufacturers (OEMs). You will support the Definition, implementation and control of the strategy for establishing and expanding business partnerships You create industry, competition and market analyzes to identify new fields of cooperation with the OEMs You independently initiate solution proposals and manage various projects to increase the success of the team and work processes together With our management and the project teams, you are jointly responsible for defining goals and managing success for our global fleet business development. You will also support the preparation of analyzes and decision-making templates for our management and board of directors. As a Product Manager - Fleet Business Development Strategy (m/f/ d) you work closely with our colleagues in Global Business Development, Global Fleet Purchase, Fleet Controlling, OEM Marketing, Corporate Sales, Product Management, Tech and many more What you bring with you: You have a strong enthusiasm for the topic of cars and a fascination for mobility concepts of the future You have relevant professional experience in a commercial, project or sales role, ideally in the automotive industry or in the consulting sector Your strong skills in conception, analysis and communication help you, for example, in conveying ideas and new approaches Your professional passion is It is important to advance group-wide projects together and in close consultation and to build up a reliable network with internal and external stakeholders. You are characterized by a structured and independent way of working. You are fluent in German and English. Additional information Working at SIXT does not just mean creating the future of mobility , but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes, on the one hand, projects for the development of new business areas and	product manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:50.669000
