7723	10328	Product Manager Digital Media m/f/d	Menu 2000 Catering is one of the leading companies for company catering and manages more than 220 restaurants in Germany. ? Spice up your career!? Menu 2000 has been one of the leading companies for company catering in Germany for more than 53 years of successful growth and manages over 240 company restaurants. Product Manager Digital Media (m/f/d) You are an organizational talent and would like to be the interface between digitization, external agencies and the internal specialist departments in projects? Take on the coordination and communication in exciting projects regarding digitization, innovation and new media. Your tasks: Planning, control, monitoring and launch of innovative projects and products in the digital world, such as new or further development of - our merchandise management system (Microsoft) - innovative online controlling tools - our mobile app and catering Portals - of the Internet and social media presence (Facebook, Instagram,?), and much more. Coordination of external IT service providers & IT media agencies and internal specialist departments Creation of business cases and decision-making recommendations. Your profile: degree in business administration or similar. Business informatics or comparable experience and qualifications, such as IT clerk Team spirit, strong communication skills, problem solver, organizational talent, pragmatically structured way of working, goal and result-oriented and enthusiasm for new media, willingness to familiarize yourself with new subject areas   We offer: Attractive salary outside of collective agreements Area, company pension scheme State-of-the-art, beautiful working environment including company restaurant and other employee benefits such as e-bike leasing Challenging and diverse tasks in innovative, future-oriented projects with a great team! Individual support (further training) or career development The advantages of a nationwide family business with flat structures and fast decision-making processes, which has existed since 1969. Please send applications with the usual documents to: Menu 2000 Catering Röttgers GmbH & Co. KG Osterkanal 48 * 26871 Papenburg * Phone 04961 ? 94 88 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . personal@menue2000.de	product manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:23.252000
