5976	8581	Product manager (m/f/d)	Are you looking for a new professional challenge and would you like to work internationally? You are an innovative personality who can convince with a high degree of communication skills, resilience and flexibility. Then support our company as a
Product manager (m/f/d)
Start your new professional career with us!
From the manual workstation to the fully automatic assembly line, ATN Hölzel GmbH develops and produces state-of-the-art automation and application systems for the manufacturing industry. In the field of application technology, we are one of the world's leading companies and one of the "technological pioneers". Numerous new developments, which today are part of the technical standard in many areas, come from the house of ATN Hölzel GmbH. The automotive industry is one of our largest customers. More than 100 million vehicles built with ATN automation and application systems are on the road worldwide today. We are represented internationally with branches in the USA, China, Spain and Brazil. We offer you the opportunity to face new professional challenges in a very varied and interesting working environment.
We suit you if you:

want to do market research in close cooperation with the sales department
who want to be responsible for controlling, coordinating and implementing product development and launch
want to optimize the products (improve, adapt to market requirements)
happy to support the sales department with product information after the successful development of a product
want to contribute to the company's product portfolio
Enjoy participating in investments and trade fair visits as well as training and further education
would like to help with the support, care and expansion of existing customer relationships
happy to carry out patent research and registrations and provide advice on patent law matters
take active cooperation with other specialist departments for granted

You are a good match for us if you:

have a degree as a state-certified technician, bachelor's, master's or graduate engineer or comparable professional experience in the field of business administration
ideally have professional experience in a comparable position
Bring along basic knowledge in the technical field
have a good knowledge of spoken and written English
a structured, independent and systematic way of working is one of your strengths
demonstrate a high level of initiative, strong communication skills and social skills
Flexible willingness to travel, also at short notice and internationally and would like to work in a team


We offer you:

a challenging and interesting job
a motivated, dynamic team and a modern workplace
active participation by contributing your own ideas
interesting, varied and responsible tasks
good development opportunities and realization
flexible working hours within the framework of operational conditions
Health promotion measures and regular employee events

You are interested and would like to become part of ATN Hölzel GmbH. Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents, including your salary expectations, preferably by e-mail.
Apply now!
personal@atngmbh.de	product manager	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.259000
