5924	8529	Product Specialist (m/f/d) for planning and disposition...	Product Specialist (m/f/d) for planning and dispatching systems Hamburg, INIT Mobility Software Solutions GmbH About INIT: As a provider of high-performance planning and dispatching solutions, INIT Mobility Software Solutions GmbH supports transport companies around the world in the efficient handling of their operational processes about the planning of timetables, circulations and services as well as the dispatching of drivers and vehicles. With us you can make an important contribution to the future of mobility and make progress yourself! Implementing your own ideas with joy in success, taking responsibility and developing yourself personally and professionally - you can achieve that with us. Flexible working hours, extensive social benefits and a good working atmosphere - that's what we offer you. Find out more about us and our current vacancies on our website www.initse.com. We look forward to your online application! What awaits you: Being very close to the customer and achieving success together. This is what our consultants do: You are the contact person for our customers in the project environment, both during and after successful system implementation. Your focus will be on the planning and data management system MOBILE-PLAN, the disposition system MOBILE-PERDIS or the depot management system MOBILE-DMS. You will identify and specify new requirements on the customer side and on the market. Support sales activities for the targeted support of existing customers. You will also act as a proactive interface to technical departments to clarify questions, feasibility and technical implementation. B. Optimization, e-mobility or driving and rest times What you bring with you: A completed technical or commercial degree or comparable qualification Interest and enjoyment in public transport, possibly even experience in the operational process Thanks to your IT affinity, it is easy for you to find yourself to get involved in new, complex issues and you enjoy working out the best possible solution together with the customer. Communication in German and English is part of everyday life for you, ideally you also have knowledge of French. You are also interested in sharing the results of your work occasional trips to experience our international projects live Questions? If you have any questions, we are happy to help and can be reached via jobs@initse.com or +49 721 6100-0! HR Recruiter Anabel Hoffmann Apply now! www.initse.com	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.871000
