5982	8587	Professional driver special transport (f/m/d), Stuttgart (70629)	Professional driver special transport (f/m/d) Your tasks For our office in Stuttgart, in the area of ​​trade fairs and special transport, we are now looking for a truck driver (f/m/d) for trade fair special transport. Your tasks Europe-wide transports with special articulated / bridge vehicle Independent loading and unloading of the vehicle Operation of industrial trucks Carrying out maintenance and care work on the vehicle Partial support of our assembly teams with technical work Direct contact person for customers / final recipient Requirements Your profile Completed technical or manual training is an advantage Professional experience in the special product area an advantage Driving license class C/ CE/ C1E with code number 95 (professional driver qualification) and a valid driver card Experience with semi-trailer and swap body vehicles, ADR certificate an advantage Mastery of load securing criteria, driving and rest times Safe and agile appearance, good manners and pronounced customer orientation Benefits Attractive conditions In addition to a variety of fringe benefits and a company pension scheme, we offer our employees other attractive benefits. Interesting challenges Fascinating projects and tasks of an individual character from the planning and implementation of innovative ideas to large-scale projects enrich your working environment. Company health management Measures to promote health and nutrition start small - so a fruit basket provided by us is a matter of course. Working atmosphere As a team, we achieve the best for our customers, employees (m/f/d) and people worldwide, so a pleasant working atmosphere is important to us. Our offer At DB Schenker you are part of a global logistics network that connects the world. A network that enables you to actively shape your career and encourages you to break new ground. With more than 76,000 colleagues worldwide, we embrace diversity and grow with each individual's experiences, perspectives and skills. Together we are here to move. Contact If you are interested in this varied task and would like to strengthen and support a dedicated team, then we look forward to receiving your application, stating the possible starting date and your salary expectations. Please apply exclusively via our applicant portal. Upload your CV, cover letter and certificates (ideally as a .pdf) there. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Schenker Deutschland AG Mr. Steven Simon Tel 49 1523 3144781 At DB Schenker, we are proud of the diversity of our teams and we are determined to continue driving them forward. Therefore, we welcome all applicants, regardless of gender, age, disability, nationality, religion or sexual orientation. DB Schenker does not accept applications from agencies. Please do not forward CVs to our application mailboxes, employees or company locations. Schenker Deutschland AG/DB Schenker assumes no liability for costs arising from unsolicited applications.	professional driver	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.995000
