9448	12053	Project spokesman for grid expansion (f/m/d)	You are an enthusiastic project spokesperson and are keen to contribute your skills to a constantly growing company - you are looking for a change instead of everyday routine - then take the decisive step now and become part of our successful team! If grid expansion is one of your specialties and the Ruhr area is an attractive place to work for you, you can support our project partner on site as a project spokesman for grid expansion.

Job description:
As part of your work as project spokesman, you will be responsible for communication on demanding construction projects in the project region. You will take on the stakeholder management of your region and build up a local network of politicians, the media and the public. You will lead the strategic communication on management, Cable and station construction projects. To do this, you will carry out environmental analyses, develop communication concepts, derive specific communication measures from them and implement them. In the event management area, you will design informative and dialogical communication measures and implement them independently. Topics in internal and external project and process management are also part of your areas of responsibility, such as the management of service providers and agencies.

Your profile:
You have a degree in a relevant subject. You have several years of professional experience in project communication as well as in event and project management, ideally in the area of ​​demanding infrastructure (expansion) projects with public participation. You are strong in communication and have a confident appearance in public and in the media. You find it easy to set up and maintain networks. You are interested in political issues and their structures and can quickly classify country-specific contexts. You can communicate and convey complex issues in a way that is appropriate for target groups. A willingness to travel completes your profile.

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and by mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your account manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 45 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and over 100 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Computer scientist (university)	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:54.902000
