6035	8640	Project engineer for signal, telecommunication and ele	Project engineer for signaling, telecommunications and electrical engineering projects Academic professional Project engineer for signaling, telecommunications and electrical engineering projects Schwarzwaldstraße 82, 76137 Karlsruhe Start date immediately DB Netz AG Traffic infrastructure, operation & maintenance, project management, engineering full-time (duration Permanent) Job no. 208359 Job Ref. 180454 2 Job description You want to design the modern infrastructure for an innovative and digitized railway operation You are looking for a challenge and would like to take on complex project tasks in an exciting environment Then apply to us. For the digital future of rail transport, we are building one of the first digital interlockings in the region in the south-west of Baden-Württemberg and making rural areas fit for future mobility. You can find more information on the digitization of rail in Germany here. As a project engineer for signaling, telecommunications and electrical engineering projects (STE) for the DB Netz AG business unit in the area of ​​infrastructure projects in the south-west at the Karlsruhe location, you will drive the project forward in an agile team. You benefit from our concentrated power of experience and an open working atmosphere with flat hierarchies and a lot of flexibility. Your tasks As a project engineer for STE projects, you are responsible for the realization of exciting new construction and renewal projects in the field of interlocking and equipment technology. You actively shape the digital transformation of the infrastructure and develop exciting and innovative solutions in an agile team. You work as a communication talent You work closely with those involved in the project and regularly coordinate with internal and external contacts. You take on the technical and commercial project management and coordinate the quality, budget and timely planning and implementation of construction measures. The timely and high-quality application to the authorities and organization as well as the preparation and Securing acceptance by authorities and experts is also part of your area of ​​responsibility. You accompany monitoring and execution services and control the proactive supplement management. In procurement procedures, you work closely with our purchasing team and ensure quality tender and procurement documents. Your profile A completed degree, primarily in Electrical engineering, civil engineering, communications engineering, telecommunications or traffic planning form the basis for your success Ideally, you have some professional experience in construction project management and have experience with tenders and the awarding of engineering and construction services You can handle the usual software applications without any problems, ideally you already have Experience in dealing with SAP You are motivated and always have the goal of project success in mind You can assert our interests even against resistance and thus find ideal solutions for everyone involved You are open, communicative and like to work in a team - you have fun doing it to put technical specifics across trades. Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Project engineer/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:56.604000
