6344	8949	Project Engineer: Approval Management (m/f/d)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Bamberg, Regensburg or Bayreuth | Indefinite | full time | 213862
We make it possible for around 7 million people in our Bavarian supply areas to be reliably supplied with energy. The energy transition is succeeding, because around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. Shape the future of energy with us. The Bayernwerk Group, a 100 percent subsidiary of the E.ON Group, offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations, such as network operation - expansion, further development of the energy networks or customer solutions for electromobility.
To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for a project engineer: in approval management (m/f/d) as soon as possible. If you are interested, please apply by March 2nd, 2023.
A task that challenges.
As a project engineer (m/f/d) in the approval management team for high-voltage lines at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, you will make an important contribution to the energy transition. You support the conversion and expansion of our high-voltage grids and shape the energy future with us.
You as a designer: You can take the perspective of different stakeholders and thus develop efficient and clever solutions for the expansion and conversion of our high-voltage grid.

You as an energy hero: You know the topology and the various requirements of our high-voltage grid and independently develop the technical concepts for new construction, renewal and maintenance projects in the area of ​​high-voltage overhead lines and cables.

You as a strategist: You represent the interests of Bayernwerk Netz GmbH in the technical coordination with stakeholders, including technical, economic and network planning aspects.
You as driver and pioneer: You are responsible for defined project phases and ensure deadline and quality management requirements. You make courageous decisions and don't let yourself be thrown off course so quickly, even in headwinds
Your appearance with effect: You are open-minded, communicative and enjoy dealing with customers and stakeholders. You represent Bayernwerk externally and represent it in the context of important projects. Internally, you are a role model and live our occupational safety culture. You make your knowledge available to your teammates.

A background that convinces
With your open and competent manner, you understand how to develop efficient and future-proof overall solutions together with your colleagues and our partner companies.
"WE before I" is capitalized for us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility. You actively promote cooperation with other departments in terms of the work result.
In order to meet the requirements, you have already gained professional experience in the field of high-voltage lines. Dealing with SAP, CAD and GIS systems is not a challenge for you, and you also have a good understanding of business administration.
  * You have a successfully completed technical university degree or a comparable qualification.

An environment that inspires.
We, the approval team, are an interdisciplinary team. In addition to technology and planning, our core competencies also lie in the areas of usage rights, the environment and communication with the public. It is our responsibility to obtain official permits for construction work on our high-voltage lines.
We want to shape the energy transition in Bavaria! With us you can do pioneering work and realize your own ideas and approaches.
Our collective agreement offers security. An attractive salary is framed by many additional benefits such as a Christmas bonus, a subsidy towards sick pay, accident insurance and a company pension scheme.
Your work-life balance is important to us! That's why we offer you flexible working hours, a flexitime account that you can use to convert overtime and travel time into free time, and 30 days of annual leave. You can also turn your "home" into an "office" with us in order to work even more flexibly.

Do you still have questions?
For more information on the recruiting process, please contact Julia Smirnova, +499412017729
Questions about the area of ​​responsibility or the future team will be answered by Peter Hilburger, +499412015225.
Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 2nd, 2023.
With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities	Engineer - electrical engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:03:34.491000
