5998	8603	Project Engineer: in Networks & Data Centers for the Digital	Project Engineer in Networks & Data Centers for the Digital Rail Germany (f/m/d) Academic Professional Project Engineer in Networks & Data Centers for the Digital Rail Germany (f/m/d) Where you want job start date immediately DB Netz AG Informatik, Engineering Full-time/Part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 204831 Job Ref. 178630 2 Job description We are looking for you as a project engineer for setting up networks and data centers (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG in Berlin as soon as possible. This is a Where you want job. In coordination with your manager, you can arrange your place of work yourself within Germany and choose between mobile work and work in the office. Your tasks You will deal with the detailed rollout planning in relation to the network infrastructure and data centers for the introduction of digitized rail operations and the further development of the rail system as a whole. In this context, you will work closely with the teams responsible for connectivity, on-premise cloud and Develop IT/OT security solutions and bring these technologies to rollout maturity throughout Germany. You are responsible for network planning of the connection between DB Netz data centers and external entities, including consideration of IT/OT security. You also plan the regionally specific design of data centers and consider the cabling, power supply and air conditioning. Together with your team, you create the specifications required for the rollout in collaboration with various stakeholders and support you in obtaining approval and conducting tests You participate in regional rollout projects e.g. when interacting with manufacturers and to ensure that regional rollouts correspond to the nationwide rollout strategy Your profile You have successfully completed your studies in computer science, engineering or a related field In addition, you have experience in detailed planning and in Rollout of network technologies including consideration of IT security You have already acted as a facility or data center manager or have comparable experience in planning hardware, power supply, cabling and air conditioning Familiarity with data center-related standards such as DIN EN 50600 and experience in the railway sector is a plus You have a never-stop-learning attitude and the motivation to constantly develop yourself If you have a high level of English and German language skills, we look forward to receiving your application (TELC or C1 level in both cases) Your contact Steinke, Benedikt 030 297-24842 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Project engineer/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:52.057000
