5907	8512	Project manager in the development department (m/f/d)	BYTEC Medizintechnik GmbH is an innovative, growing company based in Eschweiler and is successfully involved in the development and production of high-tech medical products for surgery, therapy and diagnostics. In the wide range of product development, we support our customers in a leading role from the idea to approval and the possible transfer to our production. We are looking for a project manager in the development department (m/f/d) as soon as possible Your tasks Management of development projects with a multidisciplinary team from the first customer meeting to series production Project-related customer support in German and English from the preparation of the offer to the completion of the projects Independent planning of the dependencies of storylines and allocation of expenses and resources The targeted and precise tracking of project milestones and the analysis of project risks Support for the analysis of specifications and derivation as well as tracking of development times, costs and expenses Creation of project plans/documentation Helping to shape and optimize the development processes Your profile A completed technical or scientific degree Experience in project management, preferably in a regulated work environment (e.g. medical technology, pharmaceuticals or automotive) Knowledge and experience in the field of hardware, software development and/or medical technology is an advantage You have a passion for technology You have have an analytical and systematic way of thinking, good communication and persuasion skills, decision-making power and enjoy teamwork and creativity Very good written and spoken German and English What do we offer? In addition to performance-related remuneration, we offer: Modern working time models that combine family and career Security through a permanent employment contract Needs-based development and further development opportunities Good working atmosphere Flat hierarchy Team-building measures Regular employee appraisals Free company parking spaces Flu vaccinations Fresh fruit and free drinks Anniversary benefits Company parties Have we aroused your interest? Then become part of the BYTEC team! Send your complete application documents by post or email, stating your earliest possible starting date and your salary expectations. BYTEC Medizintechnik GmbH Mrs. Dipl.-Kff. Claudia Coenen Hermann-Hollerith-Str. 11 52249 Eschweiler www.bytecmed.com	IT project manager (further education/training)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:40.785000
