6154	8759	Project management for the conceptual and structural development and testing of a competence center...	The following position is to be filled at the University of Passau as soon as possible:
project management
  for the conceptual and structural development and testing of a competence center for course development and teaching


  The University of Passau stands for excellent research and innovative teaching. Around 12,000 young people from 100 nations study and research at the internationally oriented university, which is characterized by openness and diversity. With over 1,300 employees, the University of Passau is also one of the largest employers in Passau and the region.
key points:
  Start: as soon as possible
  Scope: full-time
  Classification: E 13 TV-L
  Time limit: initially two years

  The employment relationship is initially limited to two years. A permanent position is intended if the project is successfully implemented.
Your tasks
   You develop the structures of the competence center in the project phase. This includes the coordination of an exchange platform for different stakeholders of the university. You will work on central topics of study and teaching, in particular with regard to the (further) development of courses. You will also coordinate the university's didactic activities and projects in the areas of academic university didactics and research and work at the interface between teaching and quality assurance in close coordination with the Vice President for Studies, Teaching and Ethics and the university management. The aim of the competence center is to design international, sustainable and attractive courses through coordinated course development and the professionalization of teachers.
  The tasks of conceptual development and implementation of the competence center include:

Development of an internal communication structure and identification as well as definition of work processes at the competence center and coordination of the actors involved in the competence center
Accompanying development processes by creating study program profiles and formulating qualification profiles and goals
Support for the development of scientific questions in the area of ​​academic university didactics and research as well as competence development

your profile
Scientific university studies at master's level, if possible with reference to qualitative and quantitative social research; PhD desired
Experienced knowledge of the development of teaching and university organization under the current framework conditions of university development
Qualified previous experience in the field of teaching development and teaching
Strategic and networked thinking as well as analytical skills
Confident demeanor and the ability to work cooperatively with all people in the scientific community
Strong organizational and communication skills as well as the ability to work in a team
Experienced handling of modern IT
Very careful, reliable and structured way of working
Experience in quality, science and/or project management as well as in accreditation as well as your own teaching experience in university teaching are desirable

We offer you
an interesting, varied and challenging job on a modern, centrally located university campus,
a pleasant working atmosphere in a non-cyclical and secure location,
Family friendliness and a generous flexitime arrangement,
Classification in salary group 13 TV-L, level assignment depending on qualification and professional experience,
all the usual social benefits of the public service,
a central, easily accessible location with free parking and the opportunity to purchase a discounted job ticket for local public transport in Passau.

  Part-time employment is possible if several suitably qualified part-time employees apply and complement each other appropriately.
  The position is suitable for people with severe disabilities. When recruiting, these have priority over persons who are not legally privileged if they have essentially the same suitability, qualifications and professional performance. The University of Passau actively promotes equality for all employees. We therefore welcome applications from all persons, regardless of their cultural and social background, age, religion, ideology, disability or sexual identity.
  If you have any questions, please contact the Vice President for Studies, Teaching and Ethics, Professor Noltenius ( bettina.noltenius@uni-passau.de ).
  Please send us your application with meaningful documents (in particular school and training certificates, job references) only in PDF format as one file by March 27, 2023 via our application portal www.uni-passa	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:03:11.274000
