7523	10128	Projektmanager - Controlling (m/w/d)	Do you enjoy answering questions that no one has ever been able to answer before? Do you enjoy thinking through complex data streams and deriving concepts for our central profitability calculation from them? Would you like to be an absolute expert in your field and the first point of contact for questions? Then we have your job! As a project manager - controlling (m/f/d) and business owner of our central controlling software, you play a key role in shaping the data basis for all group-wide controlling activities. In this job, together with our tech team, you will manage a data platform that serves as the basis for profitability analyzes down to the individual rental agreement. You will work your way through the depths of the SIXT universe on your own responsibility and develop concepts with the highest relevance for the board. What you do with us: Within our "Controlling Data & Systems" team? From a business perspective, you have conceptual sovereignty over the most important data platform in our group controlling with a direct P&L impact. Based on the calculation logic you have devised, we automatically book provisions directly in our ERP system You are responsible for keeping the concepts up to date and ensuring high data quality In addition, you will use this database to develop new standard reports with the highest strategic relevance Within a very short time you will develop into an absolute SIXT expert and qualify for more and more responsible tasks What you bring with you: You have a degree in business informatics, business administration or comparable courses and have already gained several years of professional experience in the areas of controlling, accounting or data analysis You are a controller at heart and at the same time have a great interest in technical problems. In addition, you are on safe ground when it comes to accounting issues. You have excellent analytical skills, at the same time you don't lose yourself in detail and you are only satisfied when the results of your work bring real added value to the company. Advanced knowledge of Excel is a must, SQL is for No foreign word to you and you are willing to actively acquire the necessary skills You speak fluent German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:05:58.699000
