6039	8644	Project manager: in construction and dismantling measures, Hansastr. 29, 46	Project Manager in Construction and Demolition Academic Professional Project Manager in Construction and Demolition Hansastr. 29, 46049 Oberhausen Start date immediately DB Netz AG Transport infrastructure, operations & maintenance, project management, engineering full-time/part-time (duration unlimited) Job no. 165837 Job Ref. 142789 2 Job description We are looking for you as a project manager in construction and dismantling measures (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Oberhausen location as soon as possible. Your tasks You will manage our construction projects for plant dismantling and plant rehabilitation in North Rhine-Westphalia, e.g. B. the dismantling of interlockings, track infrastructure and their control and safety technology as well as overhead lines including the closure of gaps Here you ensure the cost, deadline and quality goals, control the budget, create cost and schedule plans and project reports, especially at the start of the project and construction is yours Presence at the construction site is required in order to get an overview and to be able to assess risks. You develop construction phase concepts in close cooperation with planning offices, service providers and other partners. As a project manager, you coordinate all interfaces, coordinate with customers and the authorities and hold the executing specialist trades together You commission the construction measures, create bills of quantities as well as tender and award documents You also apply for the necessary public-law permits and create the subject-specific documents for building permit and building template applications Your profile Completed studies in civil engineering, electrical engineering or other qualification Comparable experience Professional experience in construction project management of infrastructure Specialist knowledge of the HOAI and the VOB Railway-specific specialist knowledge is an advantage You like to work independently, know how to structure your tasks and make decisions in the interest of project success With your authentic and confident communication you are an excellent representative in DB Netz for customers and external partners Class B driver's license (car) Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process easily online.	Helper - building construction	None	2023-03-07 16:02:57.100000
