5913	8518	Project Manager / Process Manager Automation & Digital...	Project Manager / Process Manager Automation & Digitization (m/f/d) Permanent position, full-time · Oldenburg WHAT YOU DO WITH US You analyze and develop technical concepts for process digitization and optimization in the housing industry with a focus on customer contact. You will be involved in the design of modern solutions. You work on agile projects with specialists from software development and quality assurance at the interface between the Competence Center and IT. You work closely with the product owner and formulate requirements in the digital Kanban system together with the team. The analysis of incoming data streams is also one of your tasks. You carry out the process monitoring according to the process goal, SLA and quality and recommend measures in the event of deviations in the process key figures. You actively shape processes in digital communication with our partner. You are the contact person for problem analysis and finding solutions for product and application questions as well as for malfunctions in operations. You keep an eye on day-to-day operations and ensure a technically stable working environment. You convey the relevant process know-how (training/coaching) at our locations. WHAT YOU BRING WITH YOU You have a degree in (business) computer science, engineering, business administration or a comparable qualification with relevant professional experience. Professional experience as a process, product, project manager*in/product owner (m/f/d) is an advantage. Ideally, you come from the energy industry, telecommunications or the real estate industry or alternatively you have the will to familiarize yourself with the energy industry. You have a strong sense of customer orientation. You convince with your strong analysis and communication skills. Working independently is a matter of course for you. You bring a high level of IT affinity and enjoy innovative solutions. You are a real team player and value good collegial cooperation. Your curiosity, willingness to learn and enjoyment of working in agile teams round off your profile. WHAT WE OFFER A permanent employment contract with an attractive salary in a stable and future-oriented company Flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes 30 days of vacation Modern work equipment, you can decide between MAC and PC Flexible working hours / trust-based working hours Supplementary company health insurance (e.g. dentures, glasses, medicines, naturopaths ) Numerous advancement and career opportunities thanks to a strong expansion course. In addition to a fully automatic coffee machine, fresh fruit and free drinks, many other extras (e.g. company events) are waiting for you. Employee discounts at over 800 providers such as Zalando, Adidas, Apple & Co - there is definitely something for you! ABOUT US We are the service partner for the reliable installation and maintenance of measuring devices such as heat cost allocators, water meters and smoke alarms. With currently seven locations in Berlin, Hamburg, Hanover, Leipzig, Mannheim, Osnabrück and Oldenburg, our technicians process several hundred service orders every week. Thanks to a strong expansion plan, we are the partner for safe and reliable work in apartments and business premises with around 115 employees. As a sister company of the ista Group, one of the world's leading energy service providers, our goal for the perfect customer experience always comes first. Become part of our unique team and continue to shape our vision of the future together. DO YOU HAVE QUESTIONS? We will be happy to answer your questions about the application process. Just get in touch by phone +49341 69700777 or by e-mail jobs@ista-express.de. Apply now	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:41.520000
