9392	11997	Project manager focus on infrastructure (f, m, d) (f/m/d)	Are you interested in engineering topics related to OPNV - are you confident in dealing with the HOAI and are familiar with traffic system planning - then take your decisive career step, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as a "Project Manager with a focus on infrastructure (f, m, d)".

Job description:
Your tasks include the planning and management of projects with regard to infrastructure in the OPNV. You plan the projects using the HOAI. You conduct project discussions with clients and project partners.

Your profile:

- Degree in civil engineering, traffic engineering, etc.
- Professional experience in traffic facility planning (road and/or track)
- Solid knowledge of MS Office
- Experience in the general planning of construction projects is desirable
- Knowledge of the RIB software (e.g. iTWO) is desirable
- Desirable are basics in CARD or AutoCAD
- German C1

We offer:
Benefit from Brunel's recruiting expertise throughout the application process:
Our experienced team supports you with an optimal preparation of your
CV, a consultation individually tailored to you and the position as well as a
joint preparation for the job interview with our customer. Our
Diverse customer portfolio from medium-sized companies to Hidden
Champion up to the DAX group offers you many interesting ones
Opportunities for development: whether road, ship, rail, air or space;
traditional or innovative; from development to finished product;
national or international; from the novice to the experienced
Professional. In permanent employment directly with our customer, you design the
technological progress with.

About Brunel:
Through our global network, we can offer you attractive challenges, extraordinary career prospects and the whole variety of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 40 branches, two development centers and 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries .More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards for us - for you too - Then apply now.	Engineer - Construction	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:47.976000
