6196	8801	Property supervisor: (m/f/d)	STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH

Property supervisor: (m/f/d)

                                                          pain

                                                          full time

                                                          req48339




Progress starts with us.
 At STRABAG, around 74,000 people at 700 locations around the world are working on progress. Whether in building construction and civil engineering, road construction and civil engineering, bridge and tunnel construction, in the construction of industrial and port facilities, in building management or in project development - we think construction ahead in order to become the most innovative and sustainable construction technology group in Europe. Each and every one of us is asked to do this: together we implement projects successfully and in partnership and grow with new tasks. Together we create great things.
 STRABAG Property and Facility Services (STRABAG PFS) is part of the STRABAG Group and is one of the leading real estate service providers in Europe. We offer tailor-made services for everything to do with real estate - from the long-term increase in property value to the optimal maintenance strategy and cost-reducing management. The portfolio includes real estate management, technical facility management, infrastructural facility management and industrial services. In the industrial sector, we provide technical services for buildings and production facilities as well as facility management. As a specialist for production maintenance, mechanical engineering as well as plant and media technology, it is our goal that our customers' production processes run smoothly. We look forward to receiving your application!

Tasks

Taking responsibility for the assigned objects
Fulfillment of customer and user contact maintenance as well as contact person function on site
Conducting customer meetings and implementation of reporting in accordance with the customer contract
Control of the technical and infrastructural services in the assigned objects and service areas
Commissioning, control and processing of external services
Implementation of quality assurance in the provision of services for both in-house and external services
Planning and implementation of quality improvement measures
Planning of the control services for the objects according to the customer contracts and legal regulations for compliance with operator obligations
Implementation of the traffic safety obligation for the assigned land and buildings within the framework of the contractual regulations
Testing and control of the inspections, maintenance and tests carried out and, if necessary, arrange for the rectification of defects
Implementation of fault and defect management for all services in the managed objects
Planning, sale and implementation of additional services for all service areas
Carry out property inspections and determine, display and adjust value preservation measures

qualifications

Vocational training in the commercial-technical field or comparable professional qualification
Specialist: in GEFMA
Several years experience
Knowledge of business administration
Very good knowledge of Excel



We offer

                                                                              Performance-related remuneration, 30 days of vacation, company health management, flexible working time regulations in a "38-hour week", mobile IT and telecommunications equipment, practice-oriented further training program, development prospects in the environment of a large construction group and company pension scheme. Become part of our team. We look forward to receiving your application!


Contact

                          STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH
                          Michael Brandes
                          Eddesser Strasse 1, 31234 Edemissen
                          +49 151 10570236
www.strabag-pfs.com	Property manager (real estate)	None	2023-03-07 16:03:16.438000
