5992	8597	Pupil internship technology and craft 2023 (f/m/d), Wittenbe	Student internship technology and craft 2023 (f/m/d) Internship, school internship Student internship technology and craft 2023 (f/m/d) Wittenberge, Germany Start date immediately DB Fahrzeuginstandhaltung GmbH Operations & maintenance, warehouse logistics Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 169959 Job Ref. 146480 2 Job description We are looking for you (f/m/d) for a student internship in Wittenberge and offer you the opportunity to get to know the following apprenticeships in the field of technology and crafts with us Electronics technician for industrial engineering In your student internship you will learn that our locomotives and traction vehicles always have to be ready for use. You see how electrical train components are installed and modernized. You will also experience how systems and safety devices (e.g. the displays on the train) are programmed and checked. Industrial mechanic During your student internship, you will learn how our trains are serviced and repaired on a daily basis and how it is ensured that our quality standards are met. You can also get an exciting insight into the interior design of our trains, from new seats to shelves and other installations. Cutting machine operator During your student internship, you will learn something about the properties of materials. Furthermore, a first insight into the basic skills of metalworking awaits you, e.g. B. turning, drilling, milling and grinding. You will also learn how machines are expertly inspected and made ready for operation. Your profile You will graduate from school within the next two years You are at least 14 years old (you must be at least 15 years old for a voluntary internship) You are characterized by a reliable way of working, as well as a sense of responsibility, punctuality and the ability to work in a team You are highly motivated and Are you interested in gaining an insight into DB and the professions of industrial mechanic, electronics technician for industrial engineering and cutting machine operator Apply now online for this advertisement, but at least 4 weeks before your internship. Your complete application contains a CV and a current school certificate. In the case of a compulsory internship through the school, please also enclose the agreement on the implementation of the practical learning. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process easily online.	Industrial foreman - metal (automotive industry)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:51.320000
