5043	7648	Quality engineer (m/f/d) as quality management officer	BS Güthermann GmbH is your expert for the recruitment and placement of
Specialists and executives in the Lower Saxony region. As an owner-managed
We set up companies of the nationwide operating BS Group for you
Consistent quality and service orientation in the realization of your
individual personnel service.

Your future employer is a successful, active company
Automotive supplier industry with several locations worldwide.

For the further strategic development and the good order situation
This company needs your support promptly and directly
as:

Quality engineer (m/f/d) as quality management officer

What you can expect:

* You may receive an above-average salary from your new employer
expect (depending on qualification and professional experience)
* In addition, you can expect respectful cooperation and working with
modern means of communication at the Bremen location
* In addition, they will enjoy a motivated work environment in a collegial environment
Team with good social benefits offered.
* This also includes, among other things, that they receive 30 days of vacation per year
and receive a lunch allowance.

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

* As a future employee with a technical degree, e.g
Quality engineer (m/f/d), engineer (m/f/d) process engineering,
Vehicle technology or general engineering, or similar support
she is the top management in quality management during the elaboration
and implementation of individual quality goals and company-specific ones
quality policy.
* You take over the permanent support, review, further development and
Analysis of the QM system according to ISO 9001:2015 and IATF 16949:2016.
* Your area of ​​responsibility includes, among other things, the successful (re)certification of the
QM systems, document management and in particular the
operational development, updating and continuous development of QM
Documents such as process descriptions and individual work instructions.
* Also the implementation of training courses of any kind in their field,
also for executives, will be part of their work.
* You conduct and track the system and process audits according to VDA volume
6.3, IATF 16949 or according to customer and internal specifications
* This also includes the authorization to use customer portals and
Entry of data within the scope of the existing authorizations in customer portals.


What sets you apart:

* In your new area of ​​responsibility as a quality engineer (m/f/d), engineer
(m/f/d) process engineering, vehicle technology or general engineering
bring a degree in engineering or a comparable degree
with.
* You are a certified process auditor for this responsible task
VDA 6.3 or process auditor VDA 6.3 (the one with proof of a successful
exam should be available to you)
* Your future employer wants a new team member (m/f/d) in
this area of ​​several years of professional experience in the automotive industry,
preferably with tasks/activities in quality management.
* In addition, it would be desirable if the application of automotive-typical
Quality tools and methods such as SystemFMEA process, 8D method,
Cause and Effect Diagram (Ishikawa), 5Why would exist.
* Since you are in an international environment, you are English
Language skills (also in writing) are essential.
• Good English knowledge	Engineer - process engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:00:54.268000
