3550	6155	Qualified Lawyer - Securities Supervision, Financial Services Sector	As one of the leading financial supervisory authorities in Europe, BaFin is Germany's state authority for controlling and monitoring the financial and capital markets. The federal authority oversees credit institutions, insurers, financial service providers and securities trading. In an emergency, she winds up companies. BaFin takes preventive action against money laundering and terrorist financing. She is also involved in the development of global and European supervisory standards. The approximately 2,800 employees at BaFin work to protect bank customers, insured persons, investors and consumers from inappropriate financial risks. In this way, BaFin ensures financial stability and safeguards the functionality, competitiveness and integrity of the German financial center. It thus makes a social contribution to strengthening the German and European economy.

We are looking for several as soon as possible
Fully qualified lawyers (f/m/d)
as speakers for an unlimited or two-year limited full-time or part-time position in the Securities Supervision Division at our Frankfurt am Main office.
processing of fundamental questions
Monitoring of transparency obligations
Processing of administrative offense proceedings
Monitoring of the market and market infrastructure
Supervision of financial service institutions and organizational obligations
Investment Supervision Tasks
examination of prospectuses
Monitoring securities analysts
Tasks within the framework of BaFin's consumer protection mandate
 
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a "satisfactory" in both (state) examinations and ideally you have several years of relevant professional experience
OR
As a fully qualified lawyer, you have achieved at least a “satisfactory” in a (state) examination (the result of the state compulsory subject examination counts for the so-called “first examination”) and you must have at least five years of relevant professional experience
You convince colleagues and external parties due to your appreciative interaction and your clearly focused approach
You have the digital skills to understand and classify new developments in an environment characterized by digitization
You are open to working in projects or project structures and ideally have experience in workshop and moderation techniques, agile working methods or even project management
Very good knowledge of the English language

Advantage are:


Professional experience in the financial sector or in public administration, also e.g. B. in the form of relevant vocational training

We assume that you are willing to undertake business trips. Business trips can also last several days, but can usually be planned.
Integration into a team of specialists for whom the exchange of information and knowledge is a matter of course
Comprehensive induction depending on your personal experience and individual qualification options (e.g. English courses, specialist seminars)
The opportunity to act independently within your area of ​​responsibility
Flexible working hours and conditions (flextime with time off in lieu, part-time option)
Mobile working with a minimum of 40% presence in the office
A team-oriented working atmosphere with constant exchange of knowledge
Extensive social services and benefits (including discounted job ticket, canteen, free parking, own day-care center)
A position in the public sector according to salary group 13 TVöD - plus a job allowance and Christmas bonus
The basic possibility of a civil service; civil servants in the higher service up to salary group A 14 BBesO can also apply	Business IT specialist (university)	None	2023-03-07 15:57:49.952000
