7200	9805	Receptionist m/f/x	Our client is an international company in the automotive supply sector. For the headquarters in the Cologne area, we are looking for a reception assistant m/f/x to strengthen the team as soon as possible. Your tasks You are responsible for the entire reception area and for looking after visitors and their concerns. In your function as the first point of contact, you are responsible for answering internal and external telephone calls and for contacting external service providers. Booking and preparing conference and meeting rooms as well as the management of the equipment You will also take on the ordering of office supplies and coordinate the mailboxes as well as the filing of documents The assumption of other general secretarial and assistant tasks as well as the support of the HR department complements your area of ​​responsibility Our requirements Successfully completed commercial training or alternatively an adequate qualification You have relevant professional experience in a comparable position, especially in the reception area We require fluent written and spoken English as well as the secure handling of MS Office applications With your communication skills and your commitment you can convince at all levels your always customer-oriented appearance and team-oriented Your work distinguishes you Ms. Melanie Wenig +49 221 126066.14 will be happy to provide you with initial information. If you find yourself in this demanding task, we look forward to receiving your complete application documents.	receptionist	Successful long-term recruitment is based on mutual respect, fundamental fairness and lasting authenticity.

Well-founded skills in all areas of modern personnel recruitment as well as a mutually developed trust are the basis of optimal filling of positions in accordance with requirement and qualification profile.

The right way is seldom mapped out from the beginning. It is important to discover this, to always have one's goals in mind, to mobilize resources, to find solutions and to shape the future with courage, determination and perseverance.	2023-03-07 16:05:19.298000
