7729	10334	Receptionist - Receptionist ? Corporate headquarters - trading company	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Guest greeter - information center - business card of the house! Are you looking for a great team and a professional job? Then come to us and support our well-known wholesale and retail customers at the reception desk in their company headquarters in HafenCity. Your task:   Look forward to an exciting, varied job in the international environment of our customer. Together with your new colleagues, you are the first point of contact for visitors and customers at the Hamburg headquarters. They support you quickly and flexibly with all organizational and administrative tasks and ensure first-class service. They take incoming calls and forward them to the right people. Your profile:   Ideally experience at reception, we are also happy to give motivated career changers a chance Enjoy the role as host Neat appearance and good manners Dedication, motivation and team spirit Good MS Office skills and basic technical understanding Organizational talent and structured way of working Very good German and good English skills, both spoken and written   We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure part-time job (30 hours/week) A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically experienced dispatchers Deployment Monday to Friday in a three-shift system (6:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. / 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. / 2:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.) Conscientious training by our customers Location A fair & punctual salary Very good accessibility by public transport Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or HVV-Profi-Card, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% for over 600 Brand shops Optional takeover by our customers possible Your future begins today! Apply now! Our head of department, Ms. Alexandra Herzog, is already looking forward to receiving your application.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:23.988000
