8393	10998	Receptionist / receptionist (m/f/d) full-time	Come to picturesque Ruhpolding in the Bavarian Alps. Live and work in untouched mountain nature, discover the Alps in summer for hiking and in winter for cross-country skiing in your free time. Make the holiday unforgettable for our guests! Then come back as friends. Your Ruhpolding: Get some fresh air and relax a bit. Watch the sun rise over the mountains. Simply put one foot in front of the other and climb the unique mountain panorama of the Bavarian Alps. A gentle breeze blows and you enjoy the unique view. Your day off in Ruhpolding could look something like this. And the next time you look forward to your job at the a-ja, to great colleagues and happy guests. Fresh mountain air, fantastic adventure trails and the most beautiful nature in summer and in winter? that is the wonderful diversity of the Chiemgau. With a lot of Bavarian joie de vivre, we welcome our active vacationers to our aja Ruhpolding every day and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: Check-in and check-out of the guests Accepting and processing reservations via telephone/e-mail in cooperation with the central reservation You know the area like the back of your hand and know exactly when and where there is something to do, incl. insider tips You make sure that your work area always looks great Forgot toothpaste: You help our guests out of their embarrassment with the range in our shop Even Nighty wants to have some time off, you and your teammates represent him You bring along: The host Gene! You can respond to each one individually! Do you come from a completely different industry? No problem, we are happy about people with a different perspective and pass on our know-how with passion. You find dealing with guests and colleagues to be the best thing about your whole job. You are responsible and work independently. You have good knowledge of German and English Motto: Let's rock it together! Good colleagues are worth their weight in gold and you have always ensured a positive working atmosphere because harmonious cooperation is important to you. Your attitude: between ringing phones, guests checking in or checking out and spontaneous room moves? You always keep the overview! We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA Resorts, HENRI Hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program CAMPUS Do you always stay up to date Want to see something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Ruhpolding Zell 2 83324 Ruhpolding Ms. Stefanie Holzner Administration +49 (0) 8663 417302556 verwaltung.ruhpolding@aja.de www.aja.de	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:45.529000
