7836	10441	Receptionist m/f/d - 38 hours a week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. A strong works council Duty rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week One guaranteed weekend per month Collective bargaining partner NGG Overtime is seldom Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay Your tasks Support our front office team in warmly welcoming our national and international overnight guests in our unique holiday world. Variety is guaranteed as a receptionist, because the range of tasks ranges from general guest care and the fulfillment of the highest possible service standards to administrative activities. You handle these tasks confidently and keep a cool head even in stressful situations. What we expect from you Qualification: Completed professional training as a hotel manager, hotel clerk or several years of professional experience in a comparable position Requirements: Distinct guest and service orientation Language skills: Very good manners and communication skills in German and English, other foreign languages ​​are an advantage Knowledge: Knowledge of MS Office, Micros Fidelio, MyVisitor, Gantner and TAC advantageous Characteristics: Stress resistance and reliability Special skills: Negotiation skills Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling: A unique place to work.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:37.206000
