8388	10993	Reception & Reservations Employee m/f/d	"Success consists of many parts, become one of them." ?Feel good in Bavarian? We are looking for creative minds and hard-working hands. We are a large family of employees and are looking for reinforcements for our hotel on the outskirts of Bad Aibling. Our own bathing lake, which is close to Chiemsee, Munich and Salzburg is not far away, offers an ideal place for relaxation after a day at work. A stone's throw away you will find the largest city in Upper Bavaria, Rosenheim. Our employees live in cozy single or double rooms with shower, toilet, TV and free WiFi. A free parking space is also included. Of course, what our guests eat, our employees eat too. Free drinks such as mineral water, good coffee, tea and iced tea are available daily. Uniforms are provided. Of course, we also make training, qualifications and further education possible for our team free of charge. Our remuneration is above average because we are also looking for above-average employees. The door of our director is also always open for private matters. Our exclusive 1,200 m² wellness area is also open to our colleagues after consultation. We are looking for competence, innovation and warmth and offer a great working environment, a beautiful environment and lots of fun. Give us a call! We look forward to seeing you. Success consists of many parts - become one of them! Haven't sold your smile yet? Tick ​​and tock do not determine your life yet? For you, style has nothing to do with a broom? Then we are looking for YOU..... a receptionist (m/f/d) With us you sit in the first row! We offer you for your career: Regulated working hours Exact electronic time recording Little overtime, which can be compensated with free time A family environment and team Employee discounts in the entire hotel area Performance-related payment If necessary, a reasonably priced apartment can be provided in the immediate vicinity of the hotel Internal training A workplace in An enchanting landscape with the hotel's own bathing lake and water ski facility Career prospects A wide range of development opportunities Your tasks in our dynamic, committed team: Check-in & check-out of our guests Correspondence with guests and acceptance of reservations Support and advice for our guests during their stay Independent cash management during the shift You bring with you: independent work cordial and professional demeanor with our guests you keep track of things when things get hectic a thorough and organized way of working reliability and loyalty excellent manners Become the new face at our reception! Send us your meaningful application documents today:	Reservation clerk (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:44.897000
