7861	10466	Receptionist (f/m/d) - full-time/part-time basis	EUROSTRAND Resorts ? these are two unique facilities with 4-star comfort in Fintel in the Lüneburg Heath and in Leiwen in the Moselle valley. With our high-quality all-inclusive offers and our first-class entertainment program, we have been one of the most successful providers of sophisticated resort holidays for almost 50 years. Our success is primarily based on the commitment and enthusiasm of our more than 400 value-oriented employees. We want to be more than just an employer - we are there for people! Our WHY describes it: "EVERYONE has the opportunity to experience their own moment with us in order to fulfill their longings and wishes." What can you expect from us? We offer you a job with long-term prospects and involve you in the further development of our corporate culture. With us you will find a strong team spirit, common interests and a good dose of fun. Is there a lively exchange of ideas and solutions? in the team, in the departments and in the resorts. And during the break... is a high-quality, tasteful and comfortable living room waiting for you? with own service, free drinks included. Here you can relax and meet colleagues. A staff cook prepares a free lunch for the crew to eat together. Your work clothes will be provided and cleaned. What is your day like? ? You are a competent contact person for all hotel matters. ? The whole team takes care of our guests ? Hand in hand and from morning to night. ? Your coordinated and professional working style is required, even if all guests check in at the same time. What do you have in your luggage? ? Ideally, you have completed an apprenticeship in the hotel industry, but career changers with a commercial background are also welcome. ? You are passionate about your role as host. ? Your attentive and courteous nature inspires guests and colleagues alike. We offer you: ? first of all the YOU... and a collegial, value-oriented team, ? A varied job awaits you? Flat hierarchies with a pleasant working atmosphere and a growing corporate culture? Lunch together with free meals and hot and cold drinks (non-alcoholic) and a staff living room to relax ? Use of the in-house leisure facilities (bowling, mini golf and more) ? free cleaning of the provided work clothes ? Individual further training opportunities & opportunities for advancement? Staff vacation in the resorts at very favorable conditions? an attractive bonus system and discounts from over 800 brands and providers? an above-tariff payment   Send us your complete application documents via the "Apply now" button or via our homepage www.eurostrand.de. We are looking for appreciators, observers, courageous and impressors to inspire our guests and to achieve our ambitious goals? we are looking for you! We look forward to seeing you!	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:40.262000
