8170	10775	Receptionist / Receptionist (m/f/d)	What awaits you here? Best prospects for a job in the coolest corner of Travemünde. Because the resort is right at the mouth of the Baltic Sea and Trave. And the spectacular four-master "Passat" anchors right in front of our front door. Look forward to the numerous leisure and water sports opportunities and the UNESCO World Heritage city of Lübeck, which is only a stone's throw away from the Baltic Sea resort. Your Travemünde: You always loved the sea. In the past you could just sit on the beach, listen to the waves, count seagulls and look at the horizon. And now? What used to be a holiday is now part of everyday life for you. Everyday life in its most beautiful form. Because with your job in a top location right on the water, you've finally hit the bull's eye. But that's not all. The working atmosphere is as pleasant as a light Baltic Sea breeze on your skin. Back then you envied the sailors. Your sailing course starts tomorrow. You can't wait to crash through the waves and take a look at the aja resort from the water. The place that changed your life. Large ships, fine sandy beach and the Baltic Sea right outside the door. With the best holiday views and a fresh sea breeze, we welcome our guests every day to aja Travemünde in Lübeck's most beautiful daughter and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: Check-in and check-out of the guests Accepting and processing reservations via telephone/e-mail in cooperation with the central reservation You know the area like the back of your hand and know exactly when and where there is something to do, incl. insider tips You make sure that your work area always looks great Forgot toothpaste: You help our guests out of their embarrassment with the range in our shop Even Nighty wants to have some time off, you and your teammates represent him You bring along: The host Gene! You can respond to each one individually! Do you come from a completely different industry? No problem, we are happy about people with a different perspective and pass on our know-how with passion. You find dealing with guests and colleagues to be the best thing about your whole job. You are responsible and work independently. You have good knowledge of German and English Motto: Let's rock it together! Good colleagues are worth their weight in gold and you have always ensured a positive working atmosphere because harmonious cooperation is important to you. Your attitude: between ringing phones, guests checking in or checking out and spontaneous room moves? You always keep the overview! We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 25 ? With the NAH.SH job ticket, monthly holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with ours company pension scheme We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? We will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Contact: aja Travemünde Am Leuchtenfeld 7 23570 Travemünde Ms. Simone Schramm Administration + 49 (0) 04502 8864 2556 verwaltung.travemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.221000
