7663	10268	Receptionist (f/m/d)	The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and encouraged in your job at the same time? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the resorts to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen the large A-ROSA team. A-ROSA ? Really mine. If you want to reach your goal successfully, you need a signpost. For us, this guide is a set of behavioral principles that regulate the daily interaction in our company. They are our promise to each other, to our guests and to everyone who works with A-ROSA. Every A-ROSA employee feels committed to these principles and implements them with passion. Through trust, transparency and professionalism, they enable their teams to achieve great results. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now! Your tasks You will work in the early and late shifts at reception (in exceptional cases also in the night shift). You guarantee the best possible guest care within your department, taking into account special guests. You train new trainees and interns and are the first point of contact during the training period. You actively support all processes at reception and take on general front office tasks with the Protel program. You accept complaints and claims and are responsible for the confidential handling of these. You are jointly responsible for complying with the credit guidelines. You inspire our guests for the products of the house and actively offer them. You convey the A-ROSA holiday feeling to the guests at all times Your profile Completed training as a hotel manager and/or relevant professional experience A competent and cordial demeanor A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you can convey to your guests and your colleagues High level of initiative and sales talent Communication and teamwork A sincere guest and service orientation Good knowledge of English Our offer Island bonus up to 1,000 ? (gross, for full-time and employment of at least eight months) A permanent employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A -ROSA Resorts, aja Resorts, HENRI Hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer. In case of short-term needs, a Bonago-Card for childcare? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Our staff canteen will take care of your daily well-being. Inexpensive, modern and well-equipped accommodation with a kitchen, bathroom and terrace or balcony. The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and supported at the same time in your job? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! A-ROSA Sy	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:15.882000
