7480	10085	Recruiting Specialist m/f/d for Mainz	Events are our craft - and we master it like no other. Gauls Catering is the largest catering company in Rhineland-Palatinate and at the same time one of the most efficient in Germany. Our recipe for success is the combination of extraordinary culinary art, the highest standards of our service and the special touch of our strong team spirit. We have been represented in event catering throughout Germany for 30 years and cook with pure devotion in our business units with exclusive locations in Mainz, Wiesbaden, Darmstadt, Frankfurt and Karlsruhe. Even large-scale company events with up to 35,000 people or exclusive catering for the Bundesliga with VIP hospitality are no problem for our team. As "Caterer of the Year", awarded by the specialist magazine Catering Inside, we face every challenge and make an important contribution to society with numerous social projects. Become part of our craft now and revolutionize the catering of tomorrow. Recruiting Specialist Mainz Welcome to Gauls! As a high-performance catering company in the premium segment, we can look back on more than 25 years of experience in the conception and implementation of a wide variety of events at exclusive locations. And we keep growing. We are therefore looking for additional employees to join our innovative, dynamic and creative team. Do you have strong social skills and a feeling for dealing with people at all hierarchical levels? Is communication your forte? We should get to know each other. You master this with ease: Participation in the development and implementation of an optimal recruiting and active sourcing strategy Competent contact person for all recruiting and social media issues Definition, collection and evaluation of HR key figures and derivation of suitable measures Support for employer branding measures Active Cooperation and participation in recruiting events (e.g. career fairs) What you bring to the team: Completed commercial training or bachelor’s degree Preferably experience in recruiting, personnel consulting and services Social media affinity Inspiring, open and communicative personality Structured and independent way of working High Loyalty and discretion, trustworthiness and a confident demeanor This is what we offer you: a family team that sticks together and in which support is a top priority flat hierarchies a SIM card and a laptop support on your career path with internal and external training remote work is partially possible We have it made you curious? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application!	Recruiter	None	2023-03-07 16:05:53.443000
