7638	10243	Recruiter (m/w/d)	How have we been so successful for over 100 years? We have the best talent, innovative thinkers and doers. As a recruiter (m/f/d) you make sure that SIXT becomes even better with every hire. Are you a HR manager (m/f/d) who is right for us? professionally and above all personally. With us you are not only a process virtuoso and area expert, but also applicant whisperer and diagnostics friend (m/f/d). With your eyes always in the direction of the goal ?the right people, in the right job? and the department under control. If you feel like making a difference, then we should get to know each other. From recruiter to recruiter (m/f/d): It's worth it, I promise! What you do with us: You control the entire recruiting process for your departments in our nationwide rental branches and service centers, conduct job interviews (in English as well) and make sure that applicants want to work at SIXT just as much as we do today do You have a good sense of talents and personalities. You find the right people for our vacancies? not only for the here and now, but also with a view to the future You like to try things out. Find new recruiting channels, develop search strategies and sometimes think out-of-the-box You advise your hiring manager (m/f/d) and sometimes say ?no?, no matter how badly the shoe pinches You bring us further and you a As an absolute recruiting expert, you like to share your knowledge with colleagues (m/f/d) and departments and make us a little better every day What you bring with you: You speak English, as well as German, ?almost native? ? seriously You have finished your studies or completed a relevant apprenticeship and already have (initial) experience in end-to-end recruiting. Not only can you fill the funnel (which you have proven in previous sourcing projects), but you can also convince applicants and design processes You can act on an equal footing with different stakeholders You do not consider suitability diagnostics to be something that therapists and hospitals need Your most important recruiting You also know KPIs when you are woken up at 4 a.m. and asked about them. ?Post and pray? you don't have one, you work numbers-driven, Excel is your friend You like to look behind the scenes and you are convinced that this is the basis for inspiring the business with new top talents - don't worry, you don't have to rent cars to additional ones Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the mentoring, development and well-being of our talents with business needs	Recruiter	None	2023-03-07 16:06:12.830000
