7458	10063	Recruiter (m/w/d) Region Nord	Recruiter (m/f/d) Region North WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team based in Hamburg and apply directly to us as a recruiter (m/f/d) Region North Hamburg | Full time Working Hours: Monday - Friday Job ID: 2255-251/2023 Apply Now Click on this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Secure job with the innovation leader in gastronomy Attractive remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Flexibility in working hours and location as well as free weekends Company pension scheme through our pension fund Coffee, cappuccino or rather tea - everything free of charge for you Free salary account Various employee discounts with partners and strong brands Many in-house training courses ?on the job? The tasks: Support for the decentralized recruiting team in the Hamburg regional management Support for our branches in Hamburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Brandenburg, Bremen and Berlin with regard to recruiting measures Active networking at hotel schools, technical schools and vocational academies in the region Development of a talent pool and Active sourcing at career and industry fairs Creative and personal direct approach to suitable specialists? from graduates to specialists ? via various recruiting channels Conception and organization of innovative measures Your profile: University degree or commercial training? preferably with a focus on human resources Professional experience in the field of recruiting/active sourcing Strong communication skills, organizational talent and a high level of team spirit Confident handling of common career networks and applicant management systems Very good writing style and good MS Office skills Willingness to travel regularly Experience in the catering/hotel industry is an advantage Contact You have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Hannes Wagner will be happy to help you by phone on 06102-7450 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team based in Hamburg and apply directly to us as THE tasks Supporting the decentralized recruiting team in the Hamburg regional management Supporting our branches in Hamburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Brandenburg, Bremen and Berlin with regard to recruiting Measures Active networking at hotel schools, technical schools and vocational academies in the region Establishment of a talent pool and active sourcing at career and industry fairs Creative and personal direct approach to suitable specialists ? from graduates to specialists ? via various recruiting channels Conception and organization of innovative measures University degree or commercial training? Preferably with a focus on human resources Professional experience in the field of recruiting/active sourcing Strong communication skills, organizational talent and a high level of team spirit Confident handling of common career networks and applicant management systems Very good writing style and good MS Office skills Willingness to travel regularly Experience in the catering/hotel industry is an advantage Secure job with the innovation leader the Gastronomy Attractive remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Flexibility in working hours and location as well as free weekends Company pension scheme through our pension fund Coffee, cappuccino	Recruiter	None	2023-03-07 16:05:50.688000
