8793	11398	Refrigeration plant engineer in the service area (m/f/d)	The Viessmann Group is one of the leading international manufacturers of heating, industrial and cooling solutions. The family business was founded in 1917, has 12,300 employees and the group's turnover amounts to 2.65 billion euros. Viessmann Refrigeration Solutions is one of the leading European manufacturers of commercial refrigeration and clean room solutions, known for its energy efficiency, sustainability, ease of use and maintenance. The Viessmann product and service portfolio includes centrally refrigerated as well as plug-in refrigerated cabinets, refrigeration systems, cold room and clean room solutions as well as accessories and the associated service. Viessmann Refrigeration Solutions employs almost 1,500 experts in the field of refrigeration technology in Europe. The refrigeration products are manufactured in Viessmann's production facilities in Germany and Finland and are represented by local sales offices in 20 countries in Europe, which are supported by an extensive network of partner companies.

As a mechatronics engineer for refrigeration technology (m/f/d) or refrigeration system installer (m/f/d) at Viessmann Kältetechnik Ost GmbH, you bring all your specialist know-how to bear to carry out comprehensive service on our customers' refrigeration and air conditioning systems and with it to ensure our high quality and service standard to the satisfaction of our customers!

Refrigeration plant engineer in the service area (m/f/d)

What you do...:

- Installation and commissioning of complex refrigeration and air conditioning systems
- Execution of fault services, maintenance and repair work, service
and maintenance work
- Supervision of the systems and advice to the customers on site
That's you ...:
If you want to apply your technical knowledge independently, don't be afraid
tackle tricky topics and find the perfect solution for them. you enjoy
Exchange with colleagues and in the team and like to communicate with customers to deal with complex issues
Presenting facts in a simple and understandable way.
You are exactly right for the position you are looking for if you also answered the following points with “Yes”
can answer:

- Completed training as a mechatronics technician for refrigeration technology,
Refrigeration system builder, refrigeration engineer or master refrigeration system builder
- Sound experience in handling refrigeration and air conditioning systems
- Very good knowledge of German
- Driving license class Bl
What makes us special...:
Every single one of us achieves an unbelievable amount. We appreciate that and therefore
we want to give you something back:

- A permanent position in a family company that thinks sustainably
- Admission to a committed team and in-depth familiarization with the work processes
- Versatile and varied work
- Personal development and career prospects for many years
Cooperation
- Support for future provision through a company pension scheme
- Providing state of the art tools, a fully equipped vehicle as well
mobile technology
- Compensation for travel time as working time
- Reimbursement of additional meal expenses
- Discounts on Viessmann products
This is us ...:
With more than 12,000 employees in 74 countries and a turnover of over 2 billion
euros, Viessmann is a leading manufacturer of heating and cooling solutions. Through our
energy-efficient products, we help to solve one of the biggest challenges of our
Time to solve: the production of sustainable energy. Viessmann is the best example here
progress: At our headquarters in Allendorf we were able to reduce CO2 emissions by 80%
reduce and thus already achieve the climate target of 2050. But how do we do it
everything?
Together with our employees, partners and customers. Every
Voice is important in order to continuously advance our innovative strength. And we
live from the tireless commitment of our teams, together towards our goal
to work towards: to create habitats for future generations.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Viessmann Refrigeration Technology East GmbH
Mrs Anne Fischer
Kesselsdorf
Inselallee 2
Kesselsdorf
fhea@viessmann.com
035204462270	refrigeration plant engineer	None	2023-03-07 16:08:34.574000
