7701	10306	Rental Sales Agent (m/f/d) - Airport Fulltime/Part-Time	Would you like to make sure that the Smith family from the USA can fit all their purchased cuckoo clocks into a SIXT car with a spacious trunk? Or that Ricarda and Markus can go for a spin in a fancy convertible around the lakes in the area on the weekend and then argue later about who pays the parking ticket? Then join the team at one of our branches as a customer and sales consultant (m/f/d) and make our customers happy. Don't worry: We'll teach you everything you need to know about cars and much more! With us, you'll receive an entry-level salary of at least ?2,720/month (full-time), plus an uncapped bonus and shift allowances. Sounds interesting? We are also happy to welcome you as a career changer or hotel specialist, salesperson, travel agency employee, receptionist or service employee (m/f/d)! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: At least 2,720? (gross)/month starting salary with full-time + uncapped bonus system with guaranteed monthly payment.  UNFIXED EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period of time from the very beginning.  SUPPLEMENTS + FLEXIBLE WORKING TIME ACCOUNT: Holiday, night shift and Sunday work supplements and build-up of up to 20 minus hours BAV & VWL: Support for your pension plan & capital-forming benefits SECURITY OF PLANNING: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours within the framework of the branch opening times with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance, which take your wishes and hobbies into account. THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with your friends and receive as an employee (m/f/d) 2.000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for each hiring through your recommendation ONBOARDING TO TAKE OFF: Start with a training week, continuous exchange with your own mentor, support from sales coaches, SIXT Quizz App & much more. DRESS TO IMPRESS: We provide you with your designer uniform in multiple copies & subsidize their cleaning costs. GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing as well as discounts with partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: you want once more? We offer further training and promotion opportunities & give you continuous feedback HONOURABLE WORK: You can support the children's charity "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, for one day per year & do something good.  SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses as well as psychological hotline Qualifications What you bring: You are a sales talent - motivated and enjoy direct customer contact. You have completed training or have practical experience in sales, service or tourism (e.g. retail, hotel, catering, reception or customer service) You work reliably, are responsible and like to organize You can speak fluent English with our customers, German is a bonus You are willing to work in shifts and also on weekends or holidays You have a valid driver's license What you do with us: You make our customers' mobility wishes come true and find the right vehicle for each customer. You are an organizational talent and always have an eye on the availability and utilization of the fleet. Even in turbulent times you keep your smile and represent SIXT as a premium provider. After our trainings in the SIXT Academy, you know your way around our services and systems & also help new colleagues to feel at home quickly. Additional Information About the department: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations division is the point of contact with our customers: whether by phone, app or directly in our SIXT branches. This means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. As part of a team, it is easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:20.579000
