7528	10133	Repair center manager (m/f/d)	Do great things with us: With the help of several regional locations, our international repair center controls and organizes the repair assignment of the SIXT fleet, as well as the handling of the buy-back processes. We are therefore looking for a qualified operations manager (m/f/d) in our repair center in Hamburg with immediate effect. Do you enjoy working with a new, state-of-the-art fleet of vehicles, do you have management experience and would you like to use your technical know-how every day? Then you are right with us! What you do with us: You are responsible for the professional and disciplinary management of your team. Assessment, assessment and recommendations for action regarding damage to cars and commercial vehicles are just as much a part of your tasks as the close cooperation and maintenance of the network with cooperation partners and workshops. You and your team are responsible Disposition and coordination of cars & commercial vehicles at different stages, as well as commissioning and checking the preparation of reports You finalize recommendations for action including costs and compliance with the service level agreements with partners, if necessary you renegotiate to get the best possible result of key figures and employee observation and provide corresponding reports and KPIs You advise and support our specialist departments and branches and thus ensure a smooth process You document vehicle repairs with the help of photos, measurement data and complaint processing, if necessary up to the escalation level What you bring with you: You dispose of have completed technical training in the automotive or NVZ sector, for example as a master mechanic, state-certified technician (m/f/d) in the automotive sector and/or with relevant professional experience as a service consultant (m/f/d) You have already gained professional experience in purchasing and negotiating conditions with service providers You have management experience and are a team player with a positive attitude and good organizational skills You convince with assertiveness, commitment and negotiating skills You have good knowledge of common Office applications and can quickly adapt to incorporate our own IT systems You are enthusiastic about cars and have a car driver's license (an additional truck driver's license is also welcome) Additional information We offer you a varied and challenging job with performance-related pay and a company car. In your initial phase, you can expect individual induction and training measures to make you fit for everyday work with us. In addition to a dynamic work environment, we offer you an innovative environment for professional development with short decision-making processes. We encourage and value initiative, organizational talent, innovative spirit and commitment. Your contract is of course open-ended and as an employee do you receive an additional 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for each hire through your recommendation. If you also enjoy working with a state-of-the-art and new vehicle fleet, then you've come to the right place! We are looking forward to your application. Your area of ​​work: SIXT customers travel internationally, so one or two scratches are inevitable. The teams in our repair centers and in the Damage Management department are responsible for determining how the damage occurred, assessing the damage and the repair costs, taking care of the scheduling of the workshops and getting the fleet back on the road. In order to be able to include all decision-making factors for clarifying the facts, our colleagues form the interface to SIXT branches, customers, authorities and insurance companies. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Maintenance Technician	None	2023-03-07 16:05:59.305000
