8032	10637	Reservations employee (m/f/d)	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. Plan your future with us and find new, exciting tasks in our award-winning spa hotel with international guests. Would you like to strengthen our team of around 150 motivated employees from different nations and work in the Hotel Victory at the Therme Erding? Do you ooze empathy and treat people with respect? Do you love flat hierarchies and are you looking for a working environment that gives you a lot of creative freedom and responsibilities? Then you've come to the right place! Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. YOUR TASKS Interesting and varied work in a great team Use of your sales talent and create magical moments and anticipation of a holiday through individual advice right from the first contact Create lasting enthusiasm Create a positive working atmosphere, which you will appreciate with your friendly manner and positive, cordial attitude enrich teamwork and goal-oriented communication with all departments of the house teamwork, on time, responsible and thus contribute to the economic success of the company YOUR PROFILE fun on the phone and advise an open and warm host personality, who responds to our guests with authentic joy and friendliness a high degree of service and quality thinking as well as a pronounced understanding of the needs and wishes of other people, if possible, first work experience in the hotel industry and maybe even in the reservation area a hotel management training is not a ?must? but an advantage is very good oral and written communication skills in German and English. Independent, effective work, initiative, are resilient and forward-looking Economic thinking and acting as well as the constant willingness to get involved in the team and to participate in the optimization of processes WE OFFER a unique job with the opportunity to help shape a motivated team. Use of the F&B offer (benefits in kind) of our house Diverse further training opportunities Performance-related remuneration Flexible roster design according to individual life plans Use of the hotel's own fitness area, discounts in over 500 hotels in DACH as well as other internal discounts within the hotel CONTACT Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form/by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations, to:	Reservation clerk (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:01.324000
