8505	11110	Research assistant (d/m/f) with a focus on...	SCIENTIFIC:R STAFF:IN (D/M/F) WITH A FOCUS ON IT

* Next time
* Technology Campus Grafenau
* full-time (at least 50%); limited until 14.12.2025
* Apply until: 03/12/2023

MAIN TASKS

You are responsible for the design and construction of a recommender system (partial function model).

This includes, among other things, the evaluation and implementation of best-practice methods and the development of a scheme for describing data sets (construction, structure, content). You will also be involved in the development of concrete recommendations for specific use cases.

Furthermore, you will be involved in the conception and development of a review platform for the assessment of data sets by experts. This also includes the technical implementation of the platform in a sub-function model.

The merging of various modules into an overall system and the evaluation of the merged system using predefined use cases is also part of your area of ​​responsibility.

Finally, you will document the research results in project reports and publish them in specialist journals and at specialist conferences.

YOUR PROFILE

You have a university degree (diploma university/master) in the field of computer science, internet computing,
Mathematics, statistics, business informatics or a comparable course.

You also have advanced knowledge of programming and software engineering. You have experience in the design and technical implementation of web platforms, ideally in the field of data management.

In addition, you have technical understanding and the ability to create sub-function models for web platforms
implement.

You are adept at applying scientific methods and enjoy creating scientific ones
texts.

Very good written and spoken German and English as well as communication skills
Enjoy working in an interdisciplinary team complete your profile.

RESEARCH AT THE DIT

The Technical University of Deggendorf is one of the most dynamic universities in southern Germany and is one of the most research-intensive universities in Bavaria. Between June and November 2021 alone, 60 applications for funding were approved. Three study locations and the 13 Innovation & Technology Campuses offer an ideal environment for research and teaching. Professors and scientists are supported in shaping applied research in an innovative and lively way for regional development and beyond. The variety of research activities can be assigned to the four main research areas: "Digital economy and society", "Sustainable materials, processes and energy technology", "Intelligent mobility" and "Innovative working environment and healthy living".

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The THD is not only the most research-intensive and most international university in Bavaria, it is also considered to be the fastest growing. The foundation is formed by eight faculties for business, technology, health and computer science, whose focus is on practice-oriented and future-oriented teaching and applied research at the highest level. A wide variety of support offers, such as a regular onboarding event, guarantee you a smooth start in your new job. You also benefit from good transport connections, nearby city and nature, with leisure activities for every taste. The progress and constant growth of our university would be unthinkable without a diverse community - let yourself be inspired by the dynamic and young spirit of our university family.

WE OFFER YOU

an international one
Environment

a well equipped one
and modern workplace

benefits of the public
service

You can find our other benefits at www.th-deg.de/arbeiten-an-der-thd [http://www.th-deg.de/arbeiten-an-der-thd]!

CONTACT & APPLICATION

If you opt for an S	Computer scientist (university)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:59.262000
