6094	8699	Research Assistant - salary grade 13 TV-L Berlin University	Faculty IV - Institute of Computer Engineering and Microelectronics / Mixed Signal Circuit Design    Research Assistant - salary grade 13 TV-L Berliner Hochschulen - 1st qualification period (PhD candidate)    part-time employment may be possible    The Chair of Mixed Signal Circuit Design at Technische Universität Berlin is looking for an innovate research scientist who is interested in performing research in the field of ultra-high speed CMOS circuit design for future wireless communication systems. We are looking for a candidate holding a Master s degree (or equivalent), who can think out of the box, and who strives for a PhD degree in a sophisticated research area.    RESEARCH ASSISTANT / WISSENSCHAFTLICHE R MITARBEITER IN   in the field of high-speed analog & mixed-signal IC design    Research topics of the Chair of Mixed Signal Circuit Design are largely centered around the design of innovative ultra-low-power and high-speed analog & mixed signal circuits and systems. Of particular interests are high-speed CMOS and SiGe PLLs, and clock generation systems with an emphasis on energy efficiency, low phase noise and silicon area / cost reduction, mixed signal error- and mismatch estimation algorithms, (self-adaptive calibration techniques as well as highly scalable DSP-based design techniques.    Tasks    Self-driven research in the field of integrated high-speed CMOS data converters for future wireless communication systems  Implement and characterize your implemented high-speed CMOS ICs using the newest laboratory equipment  Publish research results internationally  Support the institute in the organization as well as the conducting of one or more courses    Requirements    Successfully completed university deegree (Master, Diplom or equivalent) in electrical engineering or physics  Expertise in the field of analog circuit design, CMOS technology, SiGe technology  Expertise in the field of high-speed A/D converters  Expertise in the design flow covering schematic design, simulation and layout  Background in signal processing and communication theory is a plus  Enthusiastic, energetic, and team oriented personality  Self-driven with good communication skills in German and English  The ability to teach in both German and English is a prerequisite    We offer     Close collaboration with other research facilities and industry, in particular Intel, Infineon, R&S and others  An internationally renowned and motivated team  Our institute is located in the heart of Germany s capital in Berlin, not far from the Brandenburg Gate    How to apply    Please send your application with the reference number and the usual documents (combined in a single pdf file, max 5 MB) only by email to sara.tennstedt tu-berlin.de .    By submitting your application via email you consent to having your data electronically processed and saved. Please note that we do not provide a guarantee for the protection of your personal data when submitted as unprotected file. Please find our data protection notice acc. DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation) at the TU staff department homepage  https //www.abt2-t.tu-berlin.de/menue/themen a z/datenschutzerklaerung/ or quick access 214041.    To ensure equal opportunities between women and men, applications by women with the required qualifications are explicitly desired. Qualified individuals with disabilities will be favored. The TU Berlin values the diversity of its members and is committed to the goals of equal opportunities.    Technische Universität Berlin - Die Präsidentin - Fakultät IV, Institut für Technische Informatik und Mikroelektronik, FG Mixed Signal Circuit Design, Sekr. EN 4, Einsteinufer 17, 10587 Berlin	market researcher	None	2023-03-07 16:03:03.881000
