7587	10192	Reservation Agent (m/w/d)	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Reservation Agent (m/f/d) Benefits up to 100% Christmas bonus Company pension scheme Capital-forming benefits Employees and Family & Friends Rate in our hotels Career development Employees & trainees Events Corporate Benefits Employee restaurant Your tasks Acceptance and processing of telephone and written reservation requests Personal and telephone Customer care from the preparation of offers and contracts to invoice control and obtaining feedback from guests. Advice to our customers on the various room categories, facilities and service offerings of the hotel. Processing and support for trade fair and travel groups. Contingent management in the areas of leisure, business and trade fair groups Processing of no shows, commission lists and interface bookings (system bookings) via the OTAs and our website Room sales based on the company’s yield strategy and specifications House tours with agencies or customers Close cooperation with the front office, revenue management and the Maritim sales and reservation offices in the In - and abroad Your profile You have completed training in the hotel industry At best, you were able to gain initial experience in the reservations department Good computer skills (Oracle Suite8, Microsoft Office and IdeaS an advantage) You have strong communication skills and good German and English skills are also welcome part-time or as a working student possible Start: immediately or by arrangement Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and look forward to receiving your application.	Reservation clerk (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:06.564000
