8077	10682	Restaurant Manager (d/w/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe SV Business Catering GmbH Full-time Restaurant Manager (d/f/m) Are you a host with heart and mind? Do you love your job and do you think this is your calling? Then we are looking for you! Are you looking for a new challenge with regular working hours? Close to you? In a modern and innovative company? Then apply now! you with us A recipe for success. Because we can do much more than "canteen" - we are the SV!! That's what you do You run your restaurant with heart and mind You have a high degree of creativity and know-how in the culinary arts and know how to implement this in meal planning By training and promoting your team, you actively control its further development You are responsible for compliance with the Personnel and goods costs You take care of the ordering system, the inventory and other administrative tasks What you bring with you Completed training in gastronomy Professional experience in the same function Ideally you have completed a hotel management school or corresponding further training with creativity and high quality standards Passion for the service profession and joy on guest contact Your advantages with us Above-tariff remuneration and an open-ended employment relationship Regulated working hours, weekends off, 28 days of vacation Free employee meals, we provide and clean work clothes Open and modern work culture with space for ideas and development High product quality in modern facilities, attractive locations with Good transport connections Your place of work Together with our SV team, you will create a diverse range of offers every day in a modern company in Bad Homburg: Varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks as well as a sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. Regulated working hours apply primarily from Monday to Friday, depending on the roster. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Janine Schulz, HR Recruiter	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:07:06.847000
