7746	10351	Restaurant manager (m|f|d) system gastronomy	Europa-Park In the heart of Europe, between the Black Forest and the Vosges, lies one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world. Over 5 million visitors from all nations come every season to be inspired by over one hundred attractions and shows. The innovative European theme concept, the largest connected hotel resort in Germany, decorations adapted to the seasons and a large number of varied and colorful events make Europa-Park an unmistakable and unique short holiday destination all year round. We invite you to take a look behind the scenes of our company on this company page. Discover the numerous facets that make this unique product what it is: one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world! Time for the next step on the career ladder! You are hospitable from the heart and feel at home in the world of system gastronomy? To manage a gastronomic outlet, we are looking for a manager with leadership and organizational skills as a restaurant manager (m|w|d), effective immediately or by appointment. Your area of ​​responsibility You are responsible for the operational control and coordination of all service processes in one of our outlets Manager. Reliable and motivated you fulfill and assign tasks You lead and train our employees The goal in sight: The implementation of qualitative and quantitative goals are at the top of your list You take care of compliance with the legal and collective bargaining regulations You ensure a smooth flow of information Because Good is never good enough: You constantly monitor and improve the established standards in all areas You recognize guests' wishes and do everything you can to fulfill them You also know how to handle complaints with confidence Your profile You have completed professional training in the hotel/gastronomy sector and have experience in system catering or in the à la carte business You have already worked in a management position as a service or restaurant manager. You are familiar with the MS Office package and industry-specific software (POS systems / cash register software) and speak English and/or French. You are also communicative and like to work in a team You have a high level of service and are a good host We offer you A future-proof job with challenging, varied tasks in Germany's largest leisure and adventure park A high-quality, functional working environment in which you nothing is missing A performance-related payment; You can also rely on being paid for overtime including Sunday and public holiday bonuses Long-term employment with the opportunity to develop yourself with our company and develop yourself professionally and personally A wealth of great benefits and additional offers at Europa-Park and at our cooperation partners An in-house academy that offers you a wide range of training options. High-quality employee accommodation including free WiFi to make you feel completely at ease	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:26.063000
