7749	10354	Restaurant specialist - Hotel specialist - Chef de Rang - Service	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Service rock star ? Restaurant hero ? service specialist! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and look forward to exciting assignments with our well-known customers from the gastronomy and hotel industry as well as at the most exciting events in the region. Your task:   You support the teams of our diverse customers in all areas of daily service and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. You are a passionate host and a professional for mise-en-place, guest relations and service. Compliance with all HACCP specifications and regulations is a matter of course for you. Are you an early riser or a night owl? With us you have the opportunity to work in the early as well as in the late shift. Our customers look forward to your active and competent support in the à la carte service as well as in the banquet and event area. Your profile:   Completed vocational training in the hotel or restaurant field Enjoying the role of host* Well-groomed appearance and a positive charisma Enthusiasm, team spirit & flexibility Very good knowledge of German Class B driver's license, own vehicle an advantage   We offer you:   An interesting, varied job & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Compatibility of family & work Assignments according to your skills Different employment models A fair & punctual Salary Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or a monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training and capital-forming benefits, holiday and Christmas bonuses, employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:26.435000
