7256	9861	restaurant manager	For our modern Bachmair Weissach clubhouse, we are looking for a full-time restaurant manager (m/f/d), effective immediately or by appointment. "BW Clubhaus" is modern, international and with a unique, health-conscious food concept in the Tegernsee valley - completely renovated and with a style that speaks for itself. Your tasks: Ensure a smooth service process in all areas of the restaurant and in the apartment area Contact person for any problems of the guests and employees. Menu and banquet discussions and briefings with employees. Instruction of the service employees in all service-specific areas. Ensuring a consistently high standard of service for all guests. Supervision of the cleanliness and order of all service areas. Welcoming the regular guests or contact persons. Provision of the necessary mise en place. You have: Completed training as a restaurant or hotel specialist. several years of professional experience in service or in a comparable position in the luxury hotel and gastronomy industry. outstanding commitment and willingness to serve. responsible and independent way of working. friendly, warm and extroverted demeanor. very good knowledge of German. Employee BenefitsWE PROTECT YOU GOOD Retirement provision. supplementary health insurance. Private Accident Insurance. HERE YOU CAN SAVE Family & Friends discounts in the Bachmair Weissach world and at partner hotels/ private hoteliers. 50% employee discount in the restaurants of the Bachmair Weissach World. 50% discount in the Bachmair Weissach shop. Discounts in the Corporate Benefits shopping portal. YOUR WELL-BEING IS IMPORTANT TO US Sport & Spa. Coverage of the entry fee for the Tegernsee Run. Free use of the Mizu Onsen Spa on Wednesdays 7pm-9pm. WE PROMOTE AND SUPPORT YOU Covering the costs of the in-house German courses. Individual further education support. staff house. Childcare. NEW: Upon entry you will receive a welcome bonus of €1,000.00! ContactHave we aroused your interest and would you like to create "moments of happiness" with us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents! Please email us your application to karriere@bachmair-weissach.com	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:05:26.106000
