7881	10486	Sales consultant / customer advisor car rental (m/f/d) airport full-time / part-time	Are you still upset or do you already have fuel in your blood? Would you like to ensure that the Smith family from the USA can fit all the cuckoo clocks they have bought in a SIXT car with a spacious trunk? Or that Ricarda and Markus can take a spin around the lakes in the area in a chic convertible at the weekend and then later argue about who pays the ticket? Then join the team in one of our branches as a customer and sales consultant (m/f/d) and make our customers happy. Don't worry: we'll teach you everything you need to know about cars and much more! With us you get a starting salary of at least 2,720?/month (full-time) and on top of that an uncapped bonus, as well as shift bonuses. Sounds interesting? We are also looking forward to you as a career changer or hotel specialist, salesperson, travel agency employee, receptionist or service employee (m/f/d)! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: Min. 2,760.00 ? (gross)/month Starting salary for full-time + uncapped bonus system with guaranteed monthly payment PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start SURCHARGES + FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE TIME ACCOUNT: Holiday, night shift and Sunday work surcharges and build-up of up to 20 minus hours BAV & VWL: Support with PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours within the branch opening hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance that take your wishes and hobbies into account THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with your friends and receive as an employee (m/f /d) 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation ONBOARDING TO TAKE OFF: Start with a training week, continuous exchange with your own mentor, support from sales coaches, SIXT quizz app & much more DRESS TO IMPRESS:? We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform & subsidize the cleaning costs. GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and psychological hotline What you bring: You are a sales talent - motivated and enjoy Direct customer contact You have completed training or practical experience in sales, service or tourism (e.g. retail, hotel, catering, reception or customer service) You work reliably, are responsible and like to organize You can speak fluent German and good English with our customers You are willing to work in shifts and also on weekends or public holidays You have a valid driver's license What you do with us: You make our customers' mobility wishes come true and you find the right vehicle for every customer. You are an organizational talent and always have an eye on the availability and utilization of the fleet. Even in turbulent times you keep your smile and represent SIXT as a premium provider. After our training sessions at the SIXT Academy, you will be very familiar with our services and systems and will also help new colleagues to quickly feel comfortable. Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation and you will not be measured by when you work, but by the responsibility for your own branch. In addition, you will receive an attractive basic salary depending on your professional level with an uncapped bonus system, a permanent employment contract, as well as support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. In addition to a company mobile phone, you have a company car with a fuel card for Germany, which you can also use privately. This means you are always on the move in the region and have the chance to choose something nice from our fleet every six months. You work with the best colleagues and receive 2,000 as an employee? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for each hire through your recommendation. It starts with a training week, followed by continuous exchange with your own mentor and support from sales coaches, the SIXT quiz app and much more. We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform and subsidize their cleaning costs. With our employee benefits, you get discounts for our products SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+ as well as with partners for travel, beauty, clothing	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:42.715000
