2105	4710	Sales coordinator	Sales coordinator
Fancy new perspectives and good pay?


Then we have exactly your job:
We are looking for our customer: a sales coordinator:: inside with management responsibility. You will optimize the existing sales, build structures and develop the necessary processes and procedures. You take over the sale of the products to specialist and food retailers as well as gastronomy. You acquire, advise and accompany customers in the food retail trade and carry out sales-promoting presentation measures together with marketing You conduct price negotiations and ensure the successful listing and positioning of the goods You create the sales plan ( Quantity planning/forecast) together with production and purchasing You inspire the trade for the innovative and sustainable brand program. You do calculations.

This is why this position is so exciting for you:
Our offer: Varied area of ​​responsibility - exciting tasks and interesting challenges Training and further education - good opportunities for professional development in personal and professional terms in an international group environment Company pension scheme - employer-financed pension scheme model for a secure future Flexible working hours - work-life balance and different working time models Home office - we can guarantee mobile working for you Employee discounts - great monthly discounts for leisure time, clothing, technology and much more Secure workplace - a secure workplace with prospects.

Your skills:
Your profile: Business studies or commercial training. First management experience, good knowledge of English is an advantage. A high degree of personal responsibility and decisiveness, empathy and communication skills characterize you. Please include your desired salary.

Just some of the reasons why our employees feel so comfortable with us:

- Local jobs and valuable work experience
- Planning security through permanent employment contracts and long-term assignments, or direct employment with our customers.	Sales Controller	None	2023-03-07 15:54:52.009000
