6213	8818	Sales Manager (m/f/d) - Coordination of sales management	As the largest municipal utility in East Germany, SachsenEnergie AG, with its headquarters in Dresden, sees itself as a regional service leader for energy and offers a wide range of other business areas of public services. With its subsidiaries and around 3,300 committed employees, it provides modern, market-oriented solutions for everything to do with electricity, gas, Heat, water, telecommunications, electromobility and smart services and stands for the best quality of life in East Saxony. In the course of the energy transition, the requirements for sustainable services are becoming increasingly complex. The City department, with around 48 employees in Sales & Marketing, focuses in particular on offering tailor-made products and services for municipalities and property management companies. The projects here can also include the sale of complex technical solutions including planning, construction and operation. Against this exciting background, we are looking for a newly created position for a strong sales and process-oriented and personally convincing personality as Sales Manager (m/f/d) Sales Management Coordination. Sales Manager (m/f/d) Coordination Sales Management There is a lot to do In this responsible key position you will report directly to the department management and assume an important interface function within the team and to other departments all sales activities of the department, you will systematically determine the potential in the existing and target customer portfolio. You build up comprehensive, structured and transparent market development planning and management. With the result goals firmly in view, you analyze the sales activities within the scope of the planned campaigns, derive concrete measures and pursue them consistently. As the central interface, you develop successful cooperation with product management, sales control and other sales segments. You design and control the initiated projects with classic or agile methods. Your profile Your background can come from a commercial or technical degree, from business administration and sales management to environmental and energy technology. It is crucial that you are enthusiastic about sales, that you can think about technically complex products and that you want to apply both in the energy industry. Structured and analytically strong, you will develop innovative ways of thinking and solutions along the complex challenges of the energy transition and approach project implementation proactively and result-oriented. With your empathetic and communicative nature, you integrate, support and motivate everyone involved in the respective processes and projects. Interested If you would also like to be part of the SachsenEnergie success team, please send your application documents (cover letter, curriculum vitae, certificates) stating your income expectations and availability as well as the reference number SJ2302 by e-mail to bewerbung-schewe kleinundkoepfe.de by March 21, 2023 . Sabine Schewe will be happy to answer your questions on 0421 - 830 614 18. KLEIN & KÖPFE Personalberatung GmbH Muhlenfeldstraße 35 A 28355 Bremen	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:18.515000
