8309	10914	Sales Manager (m/w/d)	HENRI HOTELS THERE?S NOTHING LIKE HENRI HENRI Hotels are urban boutique hotels with that certain something: genuine hospitality meets retro chic. A home for the moment. A place to calm down? a place of retreat from the hustle and bustle of the big city, where you can let go of everything. HENRI Hotels ? Always in the heart of the city and on the pulse of what's happening: With individual style and an authentic look, HENRI is at home in selected metropolises. The incomparable flair attracts individualists as well as business travellers. Incidentally, HENRI allows a wide variety of people to meet each other every day: Urban Citizens, Business People and City Tourists. See you at HENRI! HENRI HOTEL Berlin Kurfürstendamm The HENRI Berlin with 72 studios and 9 apartments is located in Berlin, directly on Ku?damm. Reception and bar are one here, meetings are held in the men's room. And just like at home, everyone can access the kitchen and living room for themselves? from breakfast to the legendary evening sandwich. EVERY JOB SHOULD BE A HENRI JOB Your tasks. You? inspire people with your knowledge, commitment and passion for our hotel brands and represent HENRI HOTELS and HENRI COUNTRY HOUSE from the beautiful HENRI Hotel Berlin, acquire new customers and look after national revenue generators and companies in the corporate business segment, agencies and the existing customer base, develop, plan and run sales promotions Measures in cooperation with the Director of Sales by taking over the sales-oriented marketing of the HENRI Hotel Berlin at networking events, sales trips and trade fairs, taking on the organization and implementation of house tours, telemarketing activities, customer events and fam trips, creating presentations, reports and statistics, developing sales ideas for the Enlivening periods of low occupancy represent operationally as a guest supervisor during peak times at check-in, check-out, dinner and reservations constantly observe our market and competitors handle administrative tasks ARE YOU IN THE MOOD FOR HENRI? What you bring with you: Positive charisma, organizational talent and team spirit Structured, independent and responsible way of working You are a passionate service provider: Through strong communication skills, professional appearance and honest interest in the wishes of your customers, you are not only a salesperson for them, but above all a person they trust You have a passion for the hotel industry that you infect other people with and you have in-depth knowledge of the market You want to surpass yourself: Clear objectives, an independent way of working and ambition are the key to your success A convincing and competent sales personality with a confident demeanor and negotiating skills Ability to communicate and work in a team Knowledge of common MS Office applications and an affinity for numbers Very good knowledge of German and English, both spoken and written, Class B driver’s license FROM HENRI FOR YOU HENRI is looking for a long-term contract: That’s why there is a permanent employment contract HENRI loves free time: 5 days -Week with detailed time recording HENRI likes to travel: Therefore there are travel discounts for family members and friends in all HENRI Hotels, aja Resorts, A-ROSA Resorts, Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel Neptun and he has arranged discounts with other partners HENRI plans ahead : With the company pension scheme, he is already thinking about tomorrow HENRI health is important: That is why there is free supplementary company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses HENRI provides training: The internal training and further education program CAMPUS has the right training available for everyone HENRI is developing further : A strong family behind you offers opportunities for further development in Germany, Austria and Switzerland HENRI is looking forward to new friends: Recommendations are rewarded HENRI likes to shop: with its Bonago card at over 200 premium partners and with corporate benefits with the best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers HENRI likes to party: You can look forward to team events with fun, jokes and dollery HENRI offers you a wonderful workplace: At the HENRI Hotel Berlin in Charlottenburg Any questions? No shyness. Write us! Tell us what you have done professionally so far and what experience you bring with you. APPLICATION? AS SIMPLE AS HENRI! CV + love letter, selfie, video ? Whatever you like ? send it to us! Tell us who you are and what you can do. Your contact person: Henri HENRI Hotel Berlin Kurfürstendamm Meinekestraße 9 10719 Berlin www.henri-hotels.com Email: jobs@henri-hotels.com	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:35.201000
