7942	10547	Sales employee m/f/d internal sales	Events are our craft - and we master it like no other. Gauls Catering is the largest catering company in Rhineland-Palatinate and at the same time one of the most efficient in Germany. Our recipe for success is the combination of exceptional culinary art, the highest standards of our service and the special touch of our strong team spirit. We have been represented in event catering throughout Germany for 30 years and cook with pure devotion in our business units with exclusive locations in Mainz, Wiesbaden, Darmstadt, Frankfurt and Karlsruhe. Even large-scale company events with up to 35,000 people or exclusive catering for the soccer Bundesliga with VIP hospitality are no problem for our team. As "Caterer of the Year", awarded by the specialist magazine Catering Inside, we face every challenge and make an important contribution to society with numerous social projects. Become part of our craft now and revolutionize the catering of tomorrow. To support the sales department at the Karlsruhe location, we are looking for part-time and full-time sales staff (m/f/d) by agreement, regular working hours are from Monday to Friday. You master this with links: You primarily take over the administrative activities for sales at the location and ensure contact with our customers and partners. You are responsible for preparing offers, invoicing and billing, as well as data maintenance in our BanquetProfile program. You accompany individuals Events by arrangement with the team What you bring to our team: several years of experience in this area of ​​work and fun at large and exclusive events You always act calmly even in hectic situations and keep calm and overview Good knowledge of German Experienced handling of the common Office programs, and ideally with a banquet profile and Docuware driving license class B What you get from us: A family team that sticks together and supports each other Fair payment Discounted employee offers from over 1,000 partners Individual training opportunities Your way to us: Then apply today! We need a cover letter from you, CV, references and your salary expectations (preferably by e-mail). Please note that your documents will not be returned in the case of postal applications and that no travel expenses will be reimbursed in the case of personal interviews.	Marketing specialist/assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:50.224000
