6211	8816	Sales representative (m/f/d) in field service, Schleswi region	WE APPRECIATE YOU You master new challenges every day and love to work independently. You want to help shape real success. Do you also have an employer who appreciates that Around 1300 employees at LAMILUX already That's why we are one of the fastest growing family companies in Upper Franconia and a global leader in our markets. We produce fiber-reinforced plastics for the global construction of commercial vehicles, caravans and buses. We are also known throughout Europe as a specialist for skylights, glass roofs and flat roof windows. And we need you WE ARE LOOKING for sales staff (m/f/d) in the Schleswig-Holstein region YOUR FOCUS Sales of daylight systems as well as smoke and heat extraction systems Acceptance and processing of customer inquiries and orders as well as their monitoring up to the completion of the final assembly Support of existing customers in the Sales area, d. H. from local architects, planning offices, general contractors, roofing dealers and roofers New customer acquisition and thus expansion of the existing customer base YOUR PROFILE Completed commercial or technical training, also as a carpenter (m/f/d) or roofer (m/f/d) Sales experience ideally in the field and in the area of ​​products that require explanation Good MS Office knowledge and experience in dealing with ERP and CRM systems is an advantage Strong communication skills, a convincing demeanor and winning personality Interest and good understanding of technical contexts Customer-oriented thinking and acting as well as high self-motivation YOUR PERSPECTIVES Responsible people Task in an exciting market environment with technically demanding and high-quality product solutions Modern corporate culture with clear values ​​and convictions in an internationally growing family company Comprehensive training and industry-specific further qualification Professional sales support from our back office Attractive and performance-related remuneration model Company car (also for private use) WE HAVE Aroused YOUR INTEREST Your Please send a meaningful, written application to our recruiter Patrizia Trapper as an online application via our homepage or by post. Ms. Trapper will be happy to answer any questions you may have on 09283 595-3278. LAMILUX Heinrich Strunz Group Zehstrasse 2 95111 Rehau www.LAMILUX.de	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:18.269000
