7756	10361	Sales Representative (m/f/d) - full-time with change bonus	Lindner Hotels AG is a family-run hotel company based in D端sseldorf and has a portfolio of over 30 hotels in seven European countries. The group offers two high-quality hotel brands under one roof: The classic brand Lindner Hotels & Resorts stands for individual business and resort hotels that are committed to all-round service for the guest. The me and all hotels brand, founded in 2015, relies on boutique character, technical finesse and local events in central city locations with individual design and casual flair. Not only our guests, but also our employees should feel comfortable with us. We are therefore proud to be one of the kununu Top Companies 2022 (Germany's largest employer rating portal). Our hotel: The myth of the N端rburgring Fast, challenging, exciting - that's how many professional and hobby racers describe the N端rburgring and the Nordschleife. The N端rburgring Hotels & Ferienpark managed by Lindner are no less exciting. Over 1000 beds, various hotel and holiday park concepts as well as various gastronomic concepts and catering for up to 3000 people at highlights such as the 24-hour race and Rock am Ring. Be there and become part of the RingRocker. We are looking for a new colleague with at least 20 hours per week. Our benefits: ? 1000.00 gross change premium Exciting events and major events including free access in your free time Inexpensive apartments for employees subject to availability Discounted monthly fees in the nearby fitness studio Sunday and public holiday surcharges Discounted overnight rates for you, your family and your friends Anniversary and special bonuses E-learning at the Lindner Hotels - Learn and secure great profits Corporate benefits - discounts at over 1000 well-known companies (e.g. AboutYou, Sky, Jochen Schweizer and many more) Diverse training program with interdisciplinary and interdisciplinary training Salary range: 30,000 ? 31,500 EUR / gross per year for a full-time position The tasks: Are you a sales talent and already have some professional experience? Here you will take on the following tasks: Acquisition of new customers in the MICE area Regular telemarketing campaigns Support in the planning and implementation of customer events Daily handling of offers Project-related work Maintenance and control of all relevant customer data Support in maintaining the content of the relevant websites and booking portal Implementation of sales-promoting measures The profile: Your personality is our top priority! You are open-minded, communicative, helpful and a team player You have fun and enjoy dealing with people, guests and colleagues You are flexible and motivated to learn new things You like to take on responsibility and work independently You have a quick grasp of yourself You have a high degree of self-motivation have: Completed training in the hotel and catering industry or office First professional experience in sales desirable Very good knowledge of German and English Good IT user skills #dassindsie	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:27.282000
