9276	11881	SAP consultant (f/m/d)	Are you interested in complex and overarching relationships and are confident in dealing with various SAP modules - see your future in the field of SAP consulting - then take your decisive career step, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as a SAP consultant.

Job description:
Your area of ​​responsibility includes the holistic support of several SAP modules, such as PP, CS, MM, SD, CO, FI, WM. In this context, you independently initiate projects and changes (such as the introduction of a SAP sales template in subsidiaries) and drive them into the functions as a project team member, sub-project manager or project manager. You will also act as a sparring partner for departments and subsidiaries in SAP processes. In addition, you will support the employees in the departments with questions and problems with SAP and connected systems. You are responsible for improving processes in the ERP environment and the introduction of new modules as well as the connection of new systems. It is also possible to take over management of the ERP team if you are suitable.

Your profile:
Successfully completed studies in business informatics, business administration, industrial engineering or a qualification acquired in another way with professional experience in SAP support Very good understanding of complex and overarching relationships, especially in the manufacturing industry, such as serial numbers, variant management and configuration Extensive SAP knowledge with at least 2 modules, ideally experience in the Management of projects in the ERP environment Fluent German and very good English skills, both spoken and written, and willingness to travel on business up to 10%

We offer:
Working at Brunel means diversity - from medium-sized companies to hidden champions to DAX companies; whether road, ship, rail, air or space; traditional or innovative; from development to finished product; national or international; from young professionals to experienced professionals. We offer you countless opportunities to help shape technological progress, and all of this with a single employer.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 45 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and over 100 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	ERP consultant - ERP consultant	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering and IT. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:33.697000
