6129	8734	SAP consultant in-house (m/f/d)	SAP consultant in-house (m/f/d)

                                                                                       Lake Constance | Permanent employment by our customer

                                                                  reference number
                                                                                                   679445/1


                                                                          Apply now Apply now

                                                                              My tasks
You will process requirements in 2nd and 3rd level support and accompany the resulting sub-projects in the SAP environment
You support your colleagues with the planned migration from SAP ECC 6.0 to SAP S4/HANA
You standardize and optimize various business processes, develop new solution approaches and test them
You are the contact person for specialist departments, especially for key users, and support you with workshops and training courses
Depending on your level of knowledge, you will look after the relevant SAP modules and customizing and be in close contact with external partners


                                                                              my qualifications
You have good knowledge of ERP SAP ECC 6.0 and ideally already some knowledge of S4/HANA
You have experience in one or more common modules (e.g. FI, CO, MM, PP, SD, QM, WM, EWM)
You were able to gain initial know-how in the areas of business processes, interfaces, reporting and/or authorizations
Ideally, you have basic knowledge of ABAP or form technologies, as well as working with key users and external partners
You have very good knowledge of German and English


                                                                              my advantages
Permanent job in a permanent position in a growing market
Flexitime model, 30 days vacation and home office option
Various training and development opportunities
Subsidies for company pension schemes, holiday and Christmas bonuses
Company-dependent profit-sharing, job bike offer
An in-house company restaurant
Short decision-making processes and room for your own ideas
Regardless of whether you are a beginner or an experienced senior consultant - my client offers every application the opportunity to get started


                                                                                  my employer
 This is a renowned family business. A long company history, an international network and locations, as well as around 1000 employees make the company one of the leaders in its industry. I am looking for an in-house SAP consultant (m/f/d) as soon as possible. Interesting tasks that result from projects and in which you work in an advisory capacity are part of the daily field of work. An extremely modern working environment and the future-oriented attitude of the company are only part of the interesting overall package. Because there are various further training opportunities, the position is suitable for both consultants with less or more professional experience.


                                                                              About Hays
                                                                                                                                                      IT experts have a good hand - especially when they are motivated and have the right qualifications. Our customers from business and the public sector are looking for IT positions on a project basis, in permanent employment or temporary employment, committed employees who like to think outside the box and grow with their challenges. We ensure that all IT specialists benefit from our many years of experience in IT recruitment and find suitable tasks with us. You can register completely free of charge in u	ERP consultant - ERP consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:03:08.188000
