7048	9653	school social worker	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. Our school social work supports students and their families in their school career with advice, a variety of different projects and educational and learning opportunities from elementary schools to special schools and vocational colleges. School social work is varied and colourful. It consists of areas of self-organization, communication, cooperation, advice, support, parent cafés and administration, as well as our quality management. We look forward to new colleagues with a heart who will bring Düsseldorf forward with us! Do you already have a preference for which institution you would like to work for? Here you will find an overview of our 35 school social work locations: School social work | AWO Düsseldorf (awo-duesseldorf.de) Or send us an unsolicited application and we will find out together with you which job best suits your wishes and skills. Networking (e.g. school, youth welfare office, advice centers, institutions in the district) Advice for students and parents Advice and support in crisis situations Teaching of social skills Planning and implementation of projects and preparation of documentation Participation in steering groups and school conferences Designing your own holiday projects Documentation of work/administrative activities / Public Relations Dipl.-social pedagogues with state recognition or Bachelor of Social Work Enjoy working in a team Good handling of all common MS Office applications Enjoy creating your own concept for work at the school Severely disabled applicants are accepted at equal suitability will be given special consideration. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) including annual special payment Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Attractive company pension: we finance your company pension scheme 100 percent cheaper on the go: discount on your Rheinbahn-Ticket One apprenticeship – many opportunities to work within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many perspectives You know who suits us: Recruit skilled workers and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Practiced values: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Active works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled	Social worker / social pedagogue	None	2023-03-07 16:05:00.671000
