3512	6117	Scientists - occupational safety, health protection	We are the statutory accident insurance for non-governmental institutions in the health service and in welfare care. The prevention of accidents at work, occupational diseases and work-related health hazards is our primary task. In the event of a claim, we guarantee optimal medical treatment and appropriate compensation and ensure that our policyholders can participate in professional and social life again. Nationwide, around 2,200 employees in the BGW look after around 665,000 companies with almost 9 million insured persons.


Would you like to become part of our team in the prevention service and are you motivated to work in a dynamic team for safety and health at work? Then come join us! For our district office in Magdeburg we are looking for you as soon as possible


Experts (m/f/d) for occupational health and safety

- Supervisor according to Social Security Code Vll in higher service -
 
Support companies in all questions of occupational safety and health protection
Monitoring and advising the member companies
Determine the causes of accidents at work and occupational diseases
Carry out teaching activities in seminars on occupational health and safety
 You have completed a university degree with a master's degree or a university degree or the second state examination in one of the courses listed below, ideally in the natural sciences or nursing sciences.



Engineering sciences (e.g. mechanical engineering, safety engineering, electrical engineering)
Natural sciences (e.g. biology, chemistry, physics, applied pharmacy or environmental technology, quality, environment, safety and hygiene)
Medicine (human, dental and veterinary medicine)
health sciences
Nursing Sciences
Education (e.g. health education, social education, curative and inclusive education, medical education)
sociology
gerontology
educational sciences
For other degrees related to occupational health and safety in the sectors relevant to BGW, see: www.bgw-online.de/branchen



Alternatively, you have completed a comparable course of study with one of the above-mentioned specializations (at least 60% share). You may also have combined various of the above-mentioned courses/focuses and bring with you the relevant skills from the different areas.


At the time of your application, you already have at least two years of relevant professional experience following your studies. Ideally, you have already gained experience in quality and project management. Several years of management experience and operational experience in occupational safety are desirable, preferably in sectors typically insured with BGW and expert knowledge in BGW-specific topics. You are experienced in dealing with MS Office and you have the appropriate knowledge of German for the position. You are characterized by customer orientation, communication skills and persuasiveness, are able to handle conflicts and are willing to take on responsibility. In addition, you convince with analytical skills, decisiveness and resilience. You are willing to go on business trips as a matter of course (we provide a company car, a category B driver's license is a prerequisite for employment). At the time of application, you must be a citizen of an EU country.
We also look forward to receiving your application if you are already working as a supervisor and have completed a master's degree or university degree or the second state examination with regard to the required courses.
 

Salary: The classification takes place during the training as a supervisor in EGr. 13 BG-AT (comparable to TVöD). After passing the examination for supervisor, the grouping in EGr takes place. 1...	biologist	None	2023-03-07 15:57:45.274000
