8257	10862	Scullery employee (m/f/d)	EUROSTRAND Resorts ? these are two unique facilities with 4-star comfort in Fintel in the Lüneburg Heath and in Leiwen in the Moselle valley. With our high-quality all-inclusive offers and our first-class entertainment program, we have been one of the most successful providers of sophisticated resort holidays for almost 50 years. Our success is primarily based on the commitment and enthusiasm of our more than 400 value-oriented employees. We want to be more than just an employer - we are there for people! Our WHY describes it: "EVERYONE has the opportunity to experience their own moment with us in order to fulfill their longings and wishes." With us, everyone should feel in good hands and be able to develop further in order to be a competent and responsible employee. Would you like to contribute with your knowledge and skills? Then apply as a scullery employee (m/f/d) - on a small basis You will take on the following tasks: cleaning the dishes cleaning the cutlery cleaning the glasses cleaning the ceiling, walls and floor of the scullery You bring the following with you: the willingness to work in shifts , come on weekends Flexibility, punctuality and reliability We offer you: first and foremost you... and a collegial, value-oriented team You can also look forward to a varied workplace flat hierarchies with a pleasant working atmosphere and a growing corporate culture lunch together with free meals and hot and cold drinks (alcohol-free) and a living room for employees to relax use of the in-house leisure facilities (bowling, mini-golf and more) free cleaning of the work clothes provided individual further training opportunities & opportunities for advancement employee holidays in the resorts at very favorable conditions an attractive bonus system and discounts with over 800 brands & providers a payment above the collective agreement We are looking for appreciators, observers, courageous and impressors to inspire our guests and achieve our demanding goals - we are looking for you! We look forward to seeing you!	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:28.836000
