2357	4962	Seller (m/f/d) in direct placement!	There are many reasons that speak for TIMEPARTNER as an employer. Among other things, we offer you the advantages of a large, national company that maintains its regional roots.
Are you currently looking for a job in Regensburg? We are now looking for salespeople for our customer, a well-known company in Regensburg.

MORE THAN FASHION - You can look forward to that
• 30 days of vacation per year give you the chance to relax.• You can develop your potential with the help of national and international development opportunities.• With the employee discount for all INDITEX brands, the latest trends are always available to you.• With the help of our attractive language learning offers impress you on your next vacation abroad.• In your job at the world's largest fashion group, you will get to know the fashion world down to the last detail.• Discover great deals with our numerous cooperation partners.• And on top of that, there's holiday and Christmas bonuses.

DO SOMETHING AMAZING EVERYDAY, your new tasks
The most important things first : As an employee : in sales in our store, you make sure that our customers : feel comfortable with us! • You offer your support and help them to find the perfect outfit, whether in the fitting room or at the Sales area : You are a stylist : in, a consultant : in and a service employee : in one! • You also make sure that the fitting room is tidy and that our goods are properly presented and stocked in the sales area.
We can only achieve our sales targets with the help of your commitment and your sales talent! • You also ensure that our processes in the store run smoothly behind the scenes in the warehouse. Our technologies help you to act quickly and efficiently! • At the checkout you ensure that our customers experience great customer service in the last step of their visit.
Your commitment makes them look forward to their next shopping experience with us!

BE YOURSELF. BE YOURSELVES That sets you apart
• You are a team player through and through - reliability is a matter of course for you and you are willing to support your team flexibly - also on Fridays and Saturdays.• As a talented communicator you can express yourself well in German, both to customers and to your team.• Experience at retail? An advantage, but not a must!• You love the world of fashion and trends and are also a style consultant : to friends and family.• For you, customer service means helpfulness, a positive attitude and an open demeanor.

Contact
Does that sound like a “perfect match”? Just give us a call or apply online now. We look forward to receiving your application and working together!
Take your chance at TIMEPARTNER!	Saleswoman	None	2023-03-07 15:55:22.937000
