7832	10437	Seller / employee snack (m/f/d) in the amusement park	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Accompany us as a seller / employee snack (m/f/d) through an adventurous season! Have you ever sold in a bakery, worked at the meat counter, in the snack bar, as a griller or bistro employee? Perhaps you are also a system caterer (m/f/d) or experienced in fast food and are looking for a change of scenery? Then come to us and become part of our team! Become our new amusement park gastronomy employee (m/f/d) and benefit from great development opportunities with tasks such as cashing and advising guests Production of ready-made meals (burgers, pizza, fries, etc.) Support in the preparation and follow-up of the working day (each according to previous experience  Cash counting, ordering, inventory, cleaning) Our benefits An exceptional workplace in the amusement park with development opportunities for gastro-experienced Subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on various subscription variants), free parking, free rental bike Many goodies such as free entry to our and other amusement parks for yourself, partners, children, further discounted tickets for friends, a cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), discounts from numerous partners, regular company celebrations and more Your benefits You like dealing with people and have a passion for cooking or barbecuing with friends You are reliable, team-oriented and tidy Physical exertion and standing for long periods of time are no problem for you You understand and speak German Health pass is an advantage, can still be applied for (at the health department) after your adventure A seasonal job from mid-March until at least October 31, 2023 with great certainty that you will be there again in the 2024 season Your working hours Willingness to work during the week as well as on weekends and public holidays (in day shifts around the park opening hours) Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12 .50 ? - 16.00 ? / h Working methods & team After the induction, you will work in our snack stands and restaurants, and you will always have contact persons at your side (shift manager, team leader) Your start From mid / end of March     Convinced? Then apply with your CV and your full contact details. Our application process usually consists of a telephone interview and a round of applicants to get to know the team.	Kiosk/snack seller	None	2023-03-07 16:06:36.715000
