7888	10493	Senior Sales Manager m/f/d at Tropical Islands	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Your tasks: You will manage B2B sales with four employees in the office and in the field. You are the first point of contact for all B2B sales-specific concerns of Tropical Islands and also Belantis and Weltvogelpark. MICE sales, group business and FITs (TO and OTAs) are among your areas of responsibility. Regular visits from existing and potential key accounts, as well as from trade fairs and similar events Regular visits from existing and potential key accounts, as well as from trade fairs and similar events Independent conducting of contract negotiations Information to the supervisor about complaints, change requests and recommendations of the customer, as well as effect and Response to marketing and advertising campaigns Development and expansion of strategic partnerships Creation of the annual sales plan Monthly update of the action plan What we expect from you Education: mandatory in the tourism, leisure industry or hotel industry Experience: sales experience in the hotel industry and in group business is essential. Knowledge: Very good knowledge of the tourism market in Germany and neighboring countries Languages: Very good knowledge of spoken and written English, additional language an advantage Additionally: Existing network in sales desirable Special skills: Negotiation skills, customer orientation, dynamic, affinity for numbers, sales strength, structured and independent Working method Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling: A unique place to work.	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:43.571000
