7616	10221	(Senior) Product Owner Pricing (m/f/d)	You believe that mobility is a symbol of personal freedom? You want to shape the future of mobility together with us? With SIXT, you can go wherever you want, whenever you want - whether you need a car long-term or just for a few minutes. Join us and be at the heart of our success - define new pricing products to better meet our customer's needs for mobility, identify key success points and develop a product strategy and roadmap. The best part about it? Do all of that in a fun, international, diversified environment amid pricing and revenue business managers, business analysts, data scientists, and engineers. Sounds interesting? Then apply now, we are looking forward to meeting you! What you will do: You love your product. Whether Rent or Share, you are responsible for building innovative pricing products with global impact to enable our business in the best possible way You analyze and improve existing processes and needs of our international business stakeholders and proactively share your ideas for innovative solutions and problem-solving You keep track of the business impact of your products. You know your KPIs and metrics and apply them to structure and prioritize your backlog You continuously shape the pricing vision, the roadmap, and the products in cooperation with the international pricing and yield management business team You don't know everything. You're a team player and find the best solutions in consultation with the team About you: You have a university degree in an applicable field (e.g. computer science, mathematics, business economics) or a proven track record in product management You have gained (first) experience as a product owner or project manager (m/f/d) in the environment of an agile organization, ideally with a pricing or revenue management background You understand how to communicate KPIs on all levels of the organization, and you can analyze them to make data-driven decisions Ideally, you have built know-how in agile working methods, development processes, and technologies Your profile is rounded off by fluent English as well as knowledge of JIRA/Confluence, German is not a must Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.?  About the department: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margins-optimising product and price management for all business sectors and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. The yield management is primarily concerned with maximising revenue through utility and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Issues such as planning and composition of the fleet size, predicting the fleet and demand and regulating imports and modulation of vehicles are addressed here. Furthermire, demand adjustments are carried out if necessary through price and availability controls. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers acc	product manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:10.096000
