7943	10548	(Senior) Engineer Platform Services (m/f/d)	As a (Senior) Engineer (m/f/d) in our Platform Services team, you are responsible for building and running core services which are foundational to manage our large-scale microservices PaaS. You play an integral part in our TECH organization as part of the team which owns our core libraries and services used by hundreds of engineers in various product engineering teams across the organization. Together with the team you drive the evolution of our core microservices and collaborate with other SRE teams within the Platform Division. Our mission is to reduce the day-to-day heavy lifting of our product engineering teams when it comes to scaling large microservices platforms by providing high-level services and application building blocks. Do what you love: You will be responsible for designing, building, and evolving our platform on the cloud You will work on event-driven systems and keep yourself up-to-date with the latest technologies to help you create scalable and resilient software You will participate in on-call rotations and be available for escalations, ensuring that our team?s critical services are always up and running You will focus on high engineering quality and become an expert in some of the services and libraries that are the core of our platform You will plan, execute, and communicate cross-functional efforts with other product engineering teams and align with the SIXT TECH technology roadmap Come as you are: You have 5 years of deep knowledge of cloud infrastructure best practices and modern software engineering using micro services and cloud-native technologies You have 5 years of development experience in a higher-level language with at least 1 year of GoLang development You are experienced in writing libraries and services with strong non-functional requirements in a distributed system based on cloud native technology You have experience in collaborating with senior engineers and guiding others based on good engineering principles You can effective communicate in English Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, no dress code, choose your own device, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, from now on you can decide from where you want to approach your work: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, of which up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).    In addition, we offer you a super international working environment, numerous trainings for your individual development, participation in external conferences and we even organize internal dev & tech talks. Our Feel Good Manager will be happy to help you with the organization or to assist you when you move to Germany from abroad and need to organize visas or other administrative procedures.  It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. About the department: Engineers take note: cutting edge technology is waiting for you! We don't buy, we primarily do it all ourselves: all core systems, whether in the area of car sharing, car rental, ride hailing and much more, are developed and operated by SIXT itself. Our technical scope ranges from cloud and on-site operations through agile software development. We rely on state-of-the-art frameworks and architectures and strive for a long-term technical approach. Exciting? Then apply now! About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ri	IT specialist - application development	None	2023-03-07 16:06:50.346000
