8108	10713	Senior Business Analyst (m/w/d)	You love complex data contexts and like to get to the bottom of things? You have experience in the field of data analysis and are looking for a challenge with ?Drive?? Then become part of our team in Munich and start as soon as possible in our Fleet Analytics team. Your work will focus on analyzing the current market value of our vehicles and optimizing their time of sale. Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you do with us: You evaluate the international valuation of vehicles without a buyback agreement and make this available to the relevant departments (finance, vehicle sales) You develop an evaluation model for the international vehicle fleet, including internal and external data sources You define the optimal time and place across countries of vehicle sales and thus contribute to global fleet management You create relevant reports, develop and manage departmental and area-related KPIs, develop decision-making bases and optimize both reporting and key figures What you bring with you: You already have several years of professional experience in the field of data analysis/ business analytics and ideally have experience in the field of remarketing vehicles You enjoy getting to the bottom of data, structuring it and deriving recommendations for action from data volumes using analyzes You have experience with MS Excel, SQL and databases (e.g. Athena) You are interested in the automotive industry and are always up to date You feel comfortable in an international environment and speak fluent English. Fluent German language skills are a plus for this position Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your work area: The shopping area buys everything! With a lot of creativity and expertise, we manage the balancing act between the specifications of the internal quality standards and the premium focus of SIXT every day. This includes the Fleet Purchase (both national and international), Strategic Procurement and Operational Procurement teams. In doing so, we not only keep an eye on the strategic direction of the company, but also on complex quality requirements and a competitive cost structure. Our team is looking for support so that new challenges can be experienced, which must be mastered with excellent communication skills, negotiation skills, great affinity for numbers, attention to detail and knowledge of contract drafting! About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the service	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:10.631000
