8265	10870	Senior Recruiter (m/w/d)	To further strengthen our recruiting team, we are looking for a convincing senior recruiter (m/f/d) for our growing location in Pullach near Munich. You show passion and enthusiasm in the search for new talent, primarily for our sales area. Our employees (m/f/d) put SIXT in the fast lane - that's why our people management team goes into the race every day to win the best talent for us worldwide. You want to support us? Then apply today as a Sales Recruiter (m/f/d)! DO WHAT YOU LOVE You define the job requirements together with your departments and create individual and creative job advertisements - in line with the SIXT style You control the end-to-end applicant management (optimization of recruiting channels, screening of applications, implementation of job interviews, contract negotiations) and you are clear gatekeeper: Your opinion counts You are the first point of contact for your candidates (m/f/d) and your departments throughout the recruiting process You are in close contact with our internal colleagues from the Talent Marketing and Sourcing departments to find the best Identify and use channels  You have an overview of important recruiting KPIs at all times. Don't like the process? Show us how to make it better COME AS YOU ARE: You have a successfully completed (economics) degree and/or several years of professional experience in recruiting Pitching is in your blood and you are not easily sold a pig in a poke You are strong in communication, Are you interested in an international environment and are used to communicating in English You drive topics independently, are proactive and want to actively help shape the growth of our internationally successful company Do you want to develop yourself further? In our team of 13 recruiters you will have more than fun and you can learn from every department. PS Can you find out what a Mission Impossible Award is for? Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the support, further development and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of new work, transformation support, HR systems and people analytics. The promotion of innovation, a working environment in which everyone feels comfortable and in which future-oriented work is valued are some of our most important goals, which we work towards every day. About us: Wi	Recruiter	None	2023-03-07 16:07:29.809000
