7499	10104	(Senior) Display Marketing Manager (m/w/d)	Are you a display marketing professional (m/f/d) and have already advertised and sold everything possible via various multi-channel campaigns? So why not help shape the turnaround in mobility and accompany SIXT+ - DAS AUTO ABO on the next step? We are looking for an experienced Display Marketing Manager (m/f/d) for our SIXT+ Online Marketing Team who does exactly that: campaign management for our most innovative product at SIXT. We don't go live and pray! If you have nothing to do with numbers and evaluations, you can stop reading at this point. Our goal is the optimal conversion rate, so nothing works without tracking, evaluations and targeted analyses. Sounds like what you are looking for? Do you want to help shape the global mobility turnaround? Then apply as a Display Marketing Manager (m/f/d)!? DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You are responsible for the display marketing of SIXT+: From acquiring new customers to expanding existing customer loyalty, everything is in your hands  You plan, implement and run our display marketing campaigns, via meta, Google display network, programmatic advertising and more You define KPIs to measure the effectiveness of your campaigns You are responsible for continuous performance analysis and the creation of reports and data analyzes to derive new marketing potential You develop innovative online media campaigns including creative briefings You work closely with everyone Online Marketing Teams, Brand Marketing and Product Marketing together to identify the best advertising opportunities COME AS YOU ARE: You have several years of professional experience in the field of display/digital marketing You have relevant experience in the management of display campaigns and in the measurement of campaign performance and the conception, initiation and implementation of marketing tests You have solid knowledge in the field of tracking (e.g. Facebook-Pixel, Google Analytics, Exactag and Adjust) You have a good analytical understanding, a high affinity for data and numbers as well as a quick comprehension and convince with your team skills You are characterized by a structured and independent way of working Your profile is characterized by fluent English rounded Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, the gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About Us:	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:55.768000
