6069	8674	Senior Data Analyst Where You Want Job	Senior Data Analyst in Academic Professional Senior Data Analyst in Where you want-Job Start date immediately DB Systel GmbH Informatik Full-time/Part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 208073 Job Ref. 180205 2 Job description We are looking for you as a Senior Data Analyst (f/m/d) in Frankfurt (Main), Erfurt or Berlin for DB Systel GmbH as soon as possible. We meet regularly by arrangement - otherwise we mainly work flexibly remotely or at one of the DB Systel locations. Your tasks As a recognized specialist, you will advance our expertise in all aspects of predictive analytics and thus enable us to avoid disruptions and thus ensure more stable rail operations. You will advise our business partners on the modeling and optimization of comprehensive analytics solutions to optimize application operation and user support In close contact with our partners, you will analyze their requirements and develop an individual, integrated BI solution concept. You will present the results of your work up to top management level, coordinate overarching teams and plan the assignment of internal and external stakeholders. You are passionate about analytics, you understand it , to inspire others within the communities, your team, your unit and thus stimulate the constant exchange of knowledge Your profile The basis of your career is a completed (technical) university degree in (business) computer science or a comparable subject or an apprenticeship in IT -Area with appropriate professional experience Profound knowledge in the field of data analytics, with a focus on predictive analytics, ETL modeling and databases, especially SQL, as well as in programming with Python you bring with you Ideally, you are already familiar with tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Qlik Sense or similar gain initial practical experience You are passionate about shaping the user support of the future with analyzes and the use of AI and would like to increase the business success of our partners with clever analytics solutions You enjoy a varied and self-organized environment with different customers, questions and project environments and you are willing, just like us, to constantly develop yourself and to keep learning new things. Your strengths include, in particular, your own initiative and responsibility, your strong communication skills as well as your team orientation and fluent knowledge of German round off your profile. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Data-Warehouse-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:00.806000
