8344	10949	(Senior) Project Manager - Sales Strategy & Projects (m/w/d)	Do you believe, like us, that the days of classic car purchases are over? Then become part of our Sales Strategy & Projects team and shape the future of mobility with us. As a (Senior) Project Manager (m/f/d) you will work with?us?to increase the?performance?of?corporate customer sales on a global level.?For you, is it natural to question the status quo? Project management makes your heart beat faster and you like to balance between different stakeholders? Then strengthen our team of experts and start as a (Senior) Project Manager - Sales Strategy & Projects (m/f/d) at our company headquarters in Pullach near Munich as soon as possible. What you do with us: You work as part of our central project team in overarching strategy and optimization projects in the area of ​​corporate sales at SIXT. You have an exciting mix of strategic topics (sales strategy and planning, internationalization, channel control) and operational topics (e.g. process optimization , digitization and quality assurance) You develop concepts with a procedural and operational focus and drive the continuous improvement of our sales processes and sales standards You plan and coordinate the implementation of your projects/concepts independently after consultation with the most important stakeholders You act as a staff function in the preparation of Communication formats, management appointments and lectures What you bring: You have successfully completed a university degree with an economic background You have professional experience in one of the top management consultancies, a renowned auditing company, in in-house consulting or a comparable position in the field of sales strategy or marketing in a leading industrial company You have implementation experience and competence in challenging cross-functional projects You are proficient in using Excel and PowerPoint and communicate confidently verbally and in writing in German and English You are characterized by a pragmatic and solution-oriented way of thinking You combine high self-motivation, Curiosity and the determination to put your own ideas into practice You are communicative and empathetic and want to take responsibility Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: At SIXT, we stand for premium quality in sales as well as our vehicles. The customer is the king. As one of the most innovative, fastest growing and most profitable mobility companies worldwide, the customer is always the focus of all actions for SIXT. Our sales as the most important bridge to our customers enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and SIXT intensively with its international expansion	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:39.482000
