8302	10907	Senior SEA Manager (m/f/d)	We are an award-winning team of 10+ SEAs that handle SEA campaigns in more than 130 countries. Learning, experimenting, and collaboration is the heart and soul of our team. Besides doing SEA for all the countries, our team also works on cutting edge cross department Digital Marketing projects. PPC, CVR, CRO, remarketing, bid management & landing page optimization are not new to you? That is great, because you will deal with it in your daily business. To support our ambitious growth, we are now looking for  a Senior SEA Manager (m/f/d) in our headquarter in Munich.  DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You handle the setup and continuous optimization of SEA campaigns for various markets, including bid management You execute tests, collect and analyze data, identify trends and insights in order to achieve maximum ROI in paid search campaigns You become an expert in subtopics of Digital Marketing You will expand your SIXT knowledge into new search engines, countries or ad formats Together with your team lead, you ensure that performance goals are met COME AS YOU ARE: You have a passion for digital marketing and ideally have several years first-hand experience in search marketing You are up-to-date with the latest trends and best practices in search engine marketing. Eager to learn and highly motivated to join an agile team of diverse, smart and passionate people  You have fluent in English and German language skills, any other European language is a plus  You have a degree in business administration, economics or a relevant field. Specialization in Marketing is an advantage You have a solid knowledge of Excel and enjoy working with a large amount of data. Ideally you have experience with Data-Management Platforms and Cloud Data technologies Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize t	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:34.347000
