7788	10393	(Senior) Manager Strategy (m/w/d)	SIXT is one of the leading and most innovative mobility providers. We shape the market with our platform approach and our own products (Rent, Share, Ride and Sixt+). We are successful thanks to our unerring instinct for trends and our ability to react quickly to changing market situations. In order to extend our lead and continue to grow, we are looking for an experienced Project Manager Strategy (m/f/d) as soon as possible. In this role, you will help us to rethink and rebuild the strategy department at SIXT. Together with us you will reshape the future of mobility. In this role, you will work closely with our senior management to set up SIXT correctly for the future and to initiate the right initiatives. If you are not only at home in strategic theory, but also want to implement and shape it, we should get to know each other! What you do with us: You rethink all facets of mobility and actively build the new Strategy department at SIXT You develop and manage strategic projects nationally and internationally and thereby actively shape the future of SIXT You create business models, business cases and analyzes for relevant corporate decisions You report directly to our strategy manager and work very closely with relevant stakeholders at senior management level You not only develop hypotheses and beautiful slides, but also consistently implement projects What you bring with you: You have several years of experience in a leading company Strategy consulting, ideally you have already managed your first projects and sub-projects Ideally you have already gained experience in the automotive industry and have project experience with well-known OEMs You have very good analytical skills and can structure complex projects and problems You can lead laterally and let yourself be narrowed down Don't be discouraged by deadlines You communicate confidently and to the point and are fluent in German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, you can now decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers in all business areas of SIXT SE. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives us	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:31.202000
