7496	10101	(Senior) Online Marketing Manager (m/w/d)	We are a team of 8+ online marketing enthusiasts taking care of display and social performance campaigns and responsible for our affiliate partner programs in 10+ focus countries. Learning, experimenting and collaborating are the heart and soul of our team. CPO, CVR, retargeting, programmatic & banner optimization are not new to you? That's great, because you will deal with it in your everyday life at SIXT. In order to support our ambitious growth in the B2B sector, we are now looking for a (Senior) Online Marketing Manager (m/f/d) with fluent English skills in Munich. What you do with us: You develop target group-specific campaigns on platforms such as Google Display, Meta, Linkedin and others for lead acquisition for our B2B business You are responsible for the display and social performance campaigns for our international focus markets, including the negotiations, des Building, monitoring and continuous option of the Roi Du develops innovative online media campaigns You work closely with the sales and marketing teams and the international online marketing team to identify the best advertising opportunities. What you have: you have your studies in the field of marketing , Successfully completed communication sciences/design, economics or comparable training and have several years of experience in online marketing. Good analytical understanding, a high affinity for data and numbers, as well as a quick comprehension and you convince with your ability to work in a team You are confident in dealing with MS Office and ideally have basic knowledge of HTML You have fluent English, German Advantage Additional information Working at SIXT means not only creating the future of mobility, but also offering personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:05:55.401000
