5980	8585	Senior Contract Manager (f/m/d), Berlin	Senior Contract Manager (f/m/d)    Berlin, Germany   Legal & Compliance   355862     Job Description     If you really want to make a difference   make it with us    Siemens Mobility is a separately managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading supplier in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, rail automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and related services. We have always been very innovative in making traveling faster, safer and more comfortable. Today, we need new solutions to new challenges such as climate change and rising populations worldwide. That s what drives us. That s why we shape mobility with passion, always being one step ahead. Through digitalization, we make infrastructures smart and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 38,200 employees are pioneers in mobility who help to keep the world moving.    What do you contribute     We seek a Senior Contract Manager (m/f/d) to join and support the Turnkey business in Berlin.  The Business Unit Turnkey plans, designs, installs, and commissions turnkey rail solutions worldwide. The team integrates Siemens Mobility s own as well as other systems and thus delivers one project from a single source. The team also takes care of turnkey depots.  As part of our team of Legal Experts and Contract Managers, you will provide contract management advice during public procurements and contract negotiations as well as throughout project execution and be able to efficiently explain contractual topics to the business partners.  You will closely collaborate with Legal Experts in Turnkey and with Contract Managers of other business units and countries.  You will support procurement by advising on, negotiating, and drafting supplier subsystem contracts and by supporting during project execution and beyond.  You are prepared to promote the contract management culture in Mobility at various levels through training, workshops, etc..    What do you bring along     The basis of your success is your completed master s degree in a technical or legal field. Alternatively, you have successfully completed vocational training with appropriate further training, through which you could acquire equivalent skills.  You can look back on many years of specific professional experience as a contract manager (f/m/d) and practical project experience in an industrial company with a matrix organization.  You have a particular interest in and profound knowledge of contracts law.  You are characterized by excellent writing and verbal communication skills.  You can transmit complex matters and their contractual assessment in an easy and concise manner   also to Senior Management.  Your understanding of economic and technical contexts as well as your negotiating skills make you our ideal candidate (f/m/d).  You have a confident command of the English language, both written and spoken Knowledge of Arabic, French, Spanish, Portuguese or German language is beneficial.    What do we offer you     Inclusion & Diversity    At Siemens Mobility, we re committed to fighting injustice and inequality. At our company, you will find an environment where you can be yourself and belong.    Purpose    We are pioneers in mobility. At Siemens Mobility, you will actively contribute to the transformation of transportation and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transportation solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.    Mobile working /Remote working    With us, you will have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can work remotely to a considerable extent. We have officially regulated this through a company agreement.    You can find an overview of our benefits here .    How do you get in touch with us     www.siemens.de/mobility   if you would like to find out more about Siemens before applying.   49 (9131) 17 52430  if you wish to discuss any initial questions with our recruitm	Operations manager - commercial	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.749000
