7859	10464	Senior Brand & Online Marketing Controller (m/f/d)	The largest and fastest growing Revenue Channel at SIXT is Direct to the Consumer. This includes the full SIXT product offering to customers: SIXT rent, ride, share and mobility subscriptions via the web, app and offline. This Channel is driven by SIXT?s famous and award winning marketing activity aimed at delivering bookings and revenue as well as building awareness of SIXT and enhancing its brand image, especially in newer markets. To steer this fast, international, and versatile Marketing organization, a meaningful and timely Controlling set-up, tracking efficiency as well as costs, is essential. For this exciting job with a finger on the pulse of the market and consumer, we are looking for you, a convincing and qualified Senior Brand & Online Marketing Controller (m/f/d). You will work in our head office in Pullach near Munich in the Commercial Controlling department. Sounds interesting? Then apply now!  What you will do: You support the strategic set-up and development of our Marketing Division through cost-tracking, ad-hoc reports, profitability analyses and maintaining and expanding the toolkit to steer Marketing activities  You own the Online Marketing steering process, track performance versus targets, roll-out tracking to unpaid subchannels, and help to deliver profitable growth  You are responsible for setting up, refining & maintaining a tracking system for Offline Brand Marketing spend  You regularly analyze marketing performance, evaluate success of Marketing activities, and thus help improving efficiency of these campaigns  You work closely with Brand Marketing, (Online) Performance Marketing, Group Controlling, Commercial Analytics, Pricing, and other stakeholders  About you: You have completed a university degree in business administration, economics, or a similar field of studies with above-average success and you have several years of experience as controller for marketing, brand, online sales, or eCommerce   You have a strong analytical mindset, enjoy conceptual tasks, and comprehensively understand and solve business inquiries  You are results-oriented, flexible, and resilient, you have a service mentality, and you are assertive and experienced in the management of multiple interfaces   You have experience working with and querying complex databases directly using SQL or another query language  You are fluent in English. German is a plus  Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department:  SIXT's rapid and profitable growth is based on solid business management, resilient planning and efficient management of the Group's governance and compliance structure. The finance department, including governance, compliance and risk management, contributes significantly to this success and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling, to consulting services, with the aim of optimising internal business processes. Furthermore, the Internal Audit, which combines assurance and consulting, plays an important role to optimise the effectiveness of the divisions. About us:	Marketing specialist/assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:40.009000
