6197	8802	Senior Project Manager* HR Organisationsmanagement	job board | Senior Project Manager* HR organizational management

Be the ONE. Be part of a great team.


SCHOTT is a leading international technology group in the fields of special glass and glass ceramics - and a special employer: We are committed to an open, diverse and appreciative culture of cooperation that leaves a lot of room. For personal development and the good feeling of being in exactly the right place.
 SCHOTT - that's more than 17,300 experts in 33 countries around the world - become one of us! #oneofus


Senior Project Manager* HR organizational management
Mainz, Germany

Indefinite

full time

Hybrid


Within our organizational unit "Human Resources" we are looking for an experienced Project Manager* HR organizational management to strengthen our team in Mainz as soon as possible.

          Your tasks
Independent advice to executives worldwide on the establishment and adjustment of organizational structures
Management of or involvement in global projects to introduce new or harmonize existing processes and systems in the area of ​​organizational management
Conception and implementation of local and international training courses for various user groups (internal HR, managers, SAP key users, etc.) on all topics in organizational management
Support in the development of job descriptions and job evaluations within the framework of the methodology used
Support in the correct implementation of all structural organizational data


          your profile
University degree, ideally with a business background
min. 3 years of professional experience in organizational management
Practical experience in (agile) project management
You place high demands on the quality of your work, are structured, communicative, flexible and work with great precision
Very good IT user skills (MS Word, Excel, Power Point, SAP) and IT affinity
Enjoy being part of a committed and globally active team
Very good knowledge of spoken and written English



At SCHOTT you can expect a unique corporate culture in which humanity, diversity and inclusivity are very important. Because we know that motivated and committed employees are a prerequisite for the success of our company.
 talent development
 Subsidized company pension plan
 Holistic company health management
 Flexible working hours


          Your personal contact
         We look forward to receiving your application:


SCHOTT AG
Babette Friederike Sternstein

+496131663485




         Split
         web profiles

        *At Schott, your personality counts - not gender, identity or origin.


         application tips
         Before you start your application to SCHOTT, you will surely want to know a lot. How can I apply? And how does the application process at SCHOTT actually work?
 We receive many questions about the application process. We answer the most frequently asked ones here.	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:03:16.562000
