8288	10893	(Senior) Online Marketing Manager App (m/f/d)	Do you know exactly what it takes to make an app shine? Do you want to make our ambitious growth targets for the SIXT Share App your own, take responsibility for their continued success and acquire valuable users with your paid online marketing strategies? Are you familiar with CPI, TTR, ATT and SKAdNetwork? Then apply now and join our SIXT share Online Marketing team! To support our ambitious growth in the car sharing sector, we are looking for a (Senior) Online Marketing Manager App (m/f/d) in our headquarters in Munich.  DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You'll be responsible for the paid marketing of our SIXT Share App: From the acquisition of new customers to the expansion of the bond with existing customers, everything is in your hands You'll plan, implement and execute our app marketing campaigns via Meta, TikTok, Google App Campaigns, Apple Search Ads, Programmatic Advertising and more You'll establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of your campaigns You'll be responsible for the continuous app performance analysis as well as the creation of reports and data analyses to derive new marketing potential You'll develop innovative online media campaign including creative briefs You'll work closely with all online marketing teams, brand marketing and product marketing to identify the best advertising opportunities COME AS YOU ARE:  You have several years of professional experience in app/paid mobile/digital marketing You have relevant experience in managing app campaigns as well as measuring campaign performance and conceptualizing, initiating and executing marketing tests You have solid technical knowledge in the area of apps/mobile devices (iOS and Android)  You have a good analytical understanding and a high affinity for data and numbers, as well as fast comprehension and good team skills You are structured and like to work independently You are fluent in English Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term sta	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.624000
