7986	10591	(Senior) Project Manager Lead Management (m/f/d)	Optimization and efficiency are in your blood and you want to find the best talents worldwide with us? Then put SIXT in the fast lane with our People Management Team and let's overtake the competition together. For our location in Pullach near Munich, we are looking for a Senior Lead Manager (m/f/d) to support our talent sourcing team. In your role, you will recognize the potential of innovative recruiting channels and take a leading role in building them up. You will work closely with the recruiting teams and define processes to forward the leads gained to the appropriate positions in a targeted manner. As a process thinker, you play a key role in optimizing and filtering out the best talent in the world. Sounds interesting? Then apply now. What you do with us: You are responsible for lead management at SIXT and its strategic structure and control the 4-person team You drive the expansion and (international) scaling of lead management and you take on the identification and selection of suitable tools and platforms, You are responsible for setting up, standardizing and optimizing processes from implementation and design of the workflows to the end product in order to ensure the long-term success of lead management at SIXT You ensure an outstanding candidate experience What you bring with you: You have completed a business degree and have several years of experience in process or project management You have a strong analytical understanding in your blood and you enjoy creating detailed evaluations (e.g. in Excel). and derive conclusions and recommendations for action from it You want to develop your ideas ?on the green field? to contribute and implement Ideally, you have practical experience in setting up processes and initial management experience You speak fluent English and German Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the support, further development and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of new work, transformation support, HR systems and people analytics. The promotion of innovation, a working environment in which everyone feels comfortable and in which future-oriented work is valued are some of our most important goals, which we work towards every day. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:55.614000
