8262	10867	Senior Analyst Online Marketing Data (m/f/d)	For SIXT, Online is not only the largest sales channel, but also the central touchpoint for offering customers our products Rent, Ride, Share and mobility subscriptions via web and app. In order to steer this fast, international and versatile sales channel, meaningful and up-to-date figures and analyses are essential. The Online Analytics team makes this world of figures available and continuously extends and sharpens it. You work at the heart of the channel that makes SIXT successful. We are looking for a Senior Analyst (m/f/d) in our global headquarters in Munich. Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you will do: You are responsible for the analytical support of the Online Marketing team, which includes managing day-to-day business as well as reporting and preparing ad hoc analyses as part of the continuous improvement of our website You create, improve, and optimize the reporting environment from preparing data, refining business logics, extending automation, and improving data consistency, to presenting results for senior management You provide key figures for steering and statistical evaluations and do not limit yourself to data analysis, but also support the Online Marketing team by pointing out concrete options for action You will also improve and expand the relevant data lake by integrating new data, cleaning it up and preparing it, and managing the internal processes that are necessary for this You cooperate closely with relevant stakeholders like business teams, development teams, central BI and Data Science About you: You have several years of professional experience in the fields of data analytics (possibly supplemented by data engineering), have a strong analytical mindset, and extensive knowledge of eCommerce You hold a degree in business informatics, computer science, mathematics, statistics, business administration/economics or a comparable quantitative course with above-average success You are enthusiastic about data and data analysis, have strong analytical and conceptual skills, and a quick grasp You have accumulated knowledge of Excel and SQL, a programming language such as R or Python and dashboard tools such as Looker or R Shiny You think entrepreneurially, work independently, and have initial experience in project management You are results-driven, have a service mentality, and are fluent in written and spoken English Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, from now on you can decide from where you want to approach your work: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, of which up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. Ab	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:29.442000
