6186	8791	Senior Physician (m/f/d) Psychiatry and Psychotherapy	In our district hospital in Günzburg, we are looking for a psychiatrist and psychotherapist as soon as possible: n

Senior Physician (m/f/d) Psychiatry and Psychotherapy

full-time or part-time, unlimited
About Us:
       The clinic for psychiatry, psychotherapy and psychosomatics at the district hospital in Günzburg is a competence center for mentally ill people, in which inpatient, semi-inpatient (day-night clinic) and outpatient treatment and care are offered. Our therapy offers include the LUI as a special offer for young adults with psychotic crises, stimulation methods (e.g. ECT) and special geriatric therapy for older mentally ill people. As the Clinic for Psychiatry and Psychotherapy II of the University of Ulm, we also carry out research and teaching tasks.


       Your main tasks:
You will assume the senior medical management of a multi-professional team.

You actively contribute to the design and continuous development of diagnostics and therapy planning.

They are responsible for the technical supervision.

They actively participate in the psychiatric continuing education curriculum.



        Your advantages:
A future-proof job with a crisis-proof employer

Doctoral and habilitation opportunities

Training and further education opportunities, such as an additional designation in geriatrics

The benefits of being employed in the municipal civil service, such as
Remuneration according to TV doctors

Attractive additional services

33 days vacation per year



Attractive benefits (discounts for travel, food & sports clubs)

Region with high recreational value and diverse cultural offerings



        Your profile:
Recognition as a specialist in psychiatry and psychotherapy

Collegiality, ability to cooperate and high self-motivation

Interest in research and teaching

Proof of sufficient measles immunity




        About us:
 We take "closer" literally! With modern specialist hospitals, rehabilitation, residential and support facilities, we are also close to you from Lindau to Donauwörth in the Bavarian Swabia area. 5,000 dedicated people have already decided to work together to ensure the professional care and support of our patients and clients.
 Would you also like to seize this opportunity? We are looking forward to meet you!


        Contact:
For questions about the area of ​​responsibility
 university Prof. Dr. medical Dipl.-Phys. M Riepe
 Come on. Medical Director
 08221 96-2038

For questions about the application process
 Sandra Ensslin
 Service center staff
 0821 4803-2748
jobs@ Bezirkskliniken-schwaben.de



       Your application:
We look forward to receiving your online application by April 2nd, 2023!
 Applications from severely disabled people are accepted
 with equal suitability given priority.

Apply now!	Specialist - Psychiatry and Psychotherapy	None	2023-03-07 16:03:15.221000
