7612	10217	(Senior) Sales Manager (m/w/d)	Are you interested in the mobility solutions of tomorrow and want to take on responsibility for strategic projects in sales? We are looking for a convincing and competent (Senior) Sales Manager (m/f/d) to strengthen our team in Munich. SIXT has been around for over 100 years and as the first globally active mobility service provider, we prove every single day what innovative products are and what excellent service is all about. In order to remain at the top in the future, we are looking for dedicated team colleagues in Munich who, with heart and soul and passion, make SIXT a little bit better every day. We are SIXT. You too? What you do with us: You are responsible for the identification and acquisition of national and international new customers You analyze and develop customer potential and manage to inspire new cooperation partners to work with SIXT You create and negotiate offers for tailor-made mobility solutions and conclude them You are responsible for customer satisfaction and implementation of the SIXT corporate and sales strategy You continuously improve existing sales processes and find ways to optimize daily processes What you bring with you: You speak fluent German and at least good English You ideally have a university degree or relevant professional experience in sales or key accounts Management with You have a passion for sales and convince with sales skills You have a high sense of responsibility and communicate confidently at C-level You are interested in technology and have good Excel and PowerPoint skills You are empathetic and able to meet complex customer requirements recognize and offer appropriate solutions Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various leisure activities such as the gaming area, the SIXT football team or the SIXT choir are available to you - just to mention here to name few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: At SIXT, we stand for premium quality in sales as well as our vehicles. The customer is the king. As one of the most innovative, fastest growing and most profitable mobility companies worldwide, the customer is always the focus of all actions for SIXT. Our sales as the most important bridge to our customers enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and to intensively support SIXT in its international expansion. Sales at SIXT stands for a dynamic working atmosphere, innovative products and excellent service quality. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 coops	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:09.607000
