8087	10692	(Senior) Director Commercial Channel Performance (m/f/d)	Are you interested in tomorrow's mobility solutions and want to take commercial responsibility for sales channels and product divisions in Revenue Management? You have experience in or with various sales channels, know opportunity, risks and interactions of them and therefore can assure meeting global company revenue and earnings targets. Join our revenue management team in Munich as (Senior) Director Commercial Channel Performance (m/f/d). What you will do: In the department ?Pricing & Commercial Development? you take over commercial responsibility for our sales channels and product divisions, their target achievement and strategy implementation You lead a team of five experts with responsibility for individual sales channels or product divisions You and your team are responsible for our global product and pricing tactics as well as the pricing- and product strategy for our sales channels and product divisions You coordinate with your team diverse requirements of markets, sales channels and product divisions and assure that best solutions are identified and implemented You collaborate closely with the division heads, develop new and optimize existing products and mobility solutions for our customers You make systematic observations, analyses and profitability checks for our sales channels and product divisions and together with your team derive concrete measures and decisions from them Come as you are: You have successfully completed a business degree (business administration, economics or similar) and have profound professional experience in different sales channels, sales steering or other commercially relevant functions with strong impact on sales You have experience in leading a team of seasoned experts You combine entrepreneurship and analytical acumen You have a strong analytical way of thinking, a strong understanding of numbers, you are technically skilled, conceptually strong, and experienced in using Excel and PowerPoint You work precisely, independently, in a structured, goal-oriented manner and have extensive experience in the conception, management and execution of projects You are a strong and assertive communicator in English language (German is of advantage) and enjoy using this strength to ensure the company?s objectives across teams You are a motivator, not only for your team but also for stakeholders, and have a confident appearance towards top management Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margins-optimising product and price management for all business sectors and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. The yield management is primarily concerned with maximising revenue through utility and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Issues such as planning and composition of the fleet size, predicting the fleet and demand and regulating imports and modulation of vehicles are addressed here. Furthermire, demand adjustments are carried out if necessary through price and availability controls. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and a	Manager - Sales	None	2023-03-07 16:07:08.063000
