7933	10538	Senior Legal Counsel / Volljurist (m/f/d) - Data Protection / IT & E-Commerce	Do you already have several years of professional experience as a lawyer, company lawyer, legal counsel or in-house lawyer (m/f/d) with a focus on the legal areas of data protection, IT and e-commerce law? Would you like to advise our group companies on all of these topics? Then we have the perfect job for you! To strengthen our legal department, we are looking for an in-house lawyer / fully qualified lawyer (m/f/d) with a focus on data protection, IT and e-commerce law in Munich as soon as possible. We offer you a cooperative culture, development prospects and a very attractive overall package. What you do with us: You work primarily in the areas of data protection law, IT and e-commerce law. You also think outside the box and also advise on projects and operational business issues in other areas of law. You work for a listed and internationally growing company with a very strong and attractive brand You are in direct contact with decision-makers and the head of the legal department You work closely and trustingly in a dynamic environment with a powerful team and other departments of the SIXT Group What you bring with you: You have passed at least one state examination with distinction You have several years of professional experience in a law firm specializing in commercial law or the legal department of a commercial enterprise. You have in-depth knowledge of the legal areas of data protection, IT and e-commerce law. You are curious and willing to familiarize yourself with other areas of law. You have a quick grasp and the ability to explain complex issues in a clear, structured and understandable way, both verbally and in writing. In addition to an independent and responsible way of working, you have very good knowledge of English Spoken and written Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our Law & Taxes teams are our internal consulting units of the SIXT organization. Together with international colleagues, the teams take on and support numerous projects from a tax and legal perspective and help to make important decisions on a daily basis. Working in the Law & Taxes departments at SIXT stands for a varied range of topics, short decision-making processes and a friendly, collegial atmosphere. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 KO	Jurist/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:49.103000
