7873	10478	(Senior) Eventmanager (m/w/d)	Are you an absolute event professional with marketing experience? Are you also able to quickly adapt to new challenges and like to get involved directly? To strengthen our event marketing team in Munich, we are looking for a (senior) event manager (m/f/d) in the marketing department as soon as possible. Your main task: You organize and design a wide variety of event formats and inspire our customers with your creative implementation. Sounds interesting? Then don't hesitate and get to know diverse and exciting event projects. Apply now, we look forward to seeing you! What you do with us: You are responsible for the conception, calculation, planning, implementation and follow-up of live, online and hybrid event formats. As a project manager, you lead and control various internal and external trades, creative agencies and service providers (location, technicians, catering, security , artists, etc.) You advise the internal departments in Germany and abroad on the planning of events and the development of event formats You manage the professional implementation of the event on site: You are the one who pulls all the strings together and is the main contact person for the internal ones and external stakeholders You support the planning and implementation of international congresses What you bring with you: You have several years of professional experience in marketing and event management, ideally with an event agency, in a company, with a trade fair organizer or an event technician You have practical experience in dealing with MS -Office, project management software and quickly familiarize yourself with new programs Your creative mind also likes to think strategically and loves short and efficient processes You have a driver's license and don't hesitate to tackle it yourself You have very good spoken and written English and German skills Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT there is a first class	Event-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:41.738000
