8243	10848	Senior Supervisor Front Office m/w/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! The Senior Supervisor Front Office is responsible for all shifts in the front office and for active participation. With his specialist knowledge, he acts independently as the first point of contact for guests and front office employees and is independently responsible for cooperation and professional communication with all other departments. Responsible for a friendly, professional greeting, advice, support and farewell to national and international guests. Independent management of a cash register during the respective shifts and correct accounting of the income at the end of the service, contact person for all employees in the front office according to the applicable cash register directive and monitoring of the daily employee transfers within the areas Depending on the number of guests and needs Active sales and processing of reservation requests on site. (Walk In guests) and upselling Daily review and processing of created events ? and contingent inquiries as well as passing on the information   Preparation and implementation of the daily employee briefings at the start of the shift and passing on important information. Induction and preparation of employees and trainees as well as interns Supervision and support of training and further education measures for employees and active promotion of junior staff in cooperation with the front office manager   Control of compliance with break times, working hours of the MA in accordance with the applicable company agreement, as well as the applicable data protection guidelines and occupational safety regulations / accident prevention Regular Checks and initiation of remedial measures in the work areas, as well as the entrance area with regard to the functionality of hardware and software, cleanliness of the workplaces and the changing rooms. Control system coordination / optimization according to the number of guests. Optimization of operational work processes and creation of corresponding processes in the front office area. Review and control of the checklists and as well as the processing of open guest accounts using system reporting up to the accounting afterwards Responsible for administration and documentation of the front office closures and change inventory Management and responsibility for documentation of the locking cards in the front office Responsible for the complete forwarding of system-technical problems to the IT   Carrying out the daily closing   Professional acceptance ? Documentation and independent processing of complaints and lost property Follow-up of day-to-day business and preparations for the following day in the front office Personnel assessments and conducting appraisal interviews, annual appraisals Participation in job interviews Seamless flow of information and smooth cooperation with colleagues and superiors Creation of service and holiday schedules with daily cash allocation Maintenance of electronic time recording system for employees in the front office area office supplies and ticket ordering processing of accounts / cost assumption?incl. Creation of statistics and presentations Silence about internal processes The MA Senior Supervisor Front Office has to take on special tasks on instructions from his superiors, insofar as these correspond to his activities and/or skills and training We expect that from you. Education: Successfully completed vocational training in the hotel industry Work experience: At least 2 years of management experience as a junior supervisor with very good experience      in dealing with guests and employees               IT ? Knowledge: Safe handling of MS ? Office and good understanding of hotel software, PMS, PMS, electronic systems time ? Recording system and SAP Language skills: very good German and English skills in writing and Word Personal requirements: positive and well-groomed appearance Strong communication skills, team player, customer-oriented and . . . . . . .                                                   structured	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.128000
