8397	11002	Senior Developer Robotic Process Automation (m/f/d)	As one of the world's leading mobility providers, we at SIXT aim to offer our customers individual, flexible and limitless mobility every day, creating a real alternative to their own car. To fulfill this mission, we aim to set up our processes as seamless and automated as possible for our external as well as internal customers. As the next step forward, we plan on launching our first Robotic Process Automation (RPA) initiative to increase automation and remove manual and repetitive tasks in our processes. We are at the beginning of an exciting journey, in which you as RPA Developer (m/f/d) will hugely impact the roll-out of our RPA practice! Within the currently establishing RPA CoE (Center of Excellence) you´ll be an integral part of pathing SIXT´s way towards a tech-driven organization!    What you will do: You collaborate closely with various business functions, IT system experts, and the RPA CoE to understand business requirements and deliver automation solutions  You design, develop, and test well-structured and scalable RPA solutions to automate complex processes using Tools such as UiPath or Blue Prism, or any similar one  You facilitate end-to-end- and user-acceptance tests in cooperation with business functions to secure a stable launch to production  You monitor and maintain existing bots and implement changes if required  You partner with business functions to evaluate business process automation opportunities  You ensure compliance with internal standards, methodologies, and procedures and propose measures to improve development activities  About you: You are a graduate in the field of computer science, business informatics or a comparable education  You have several years of experience in designing and implementing robotics process automation in one of the typical applications/tools (such as UiPath, Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere, ?) You have knowledge and experience preferably in programming languages (e.g., SQL, HTML, Javascript, XML, Python, ? )   You are a strong communicator and are able to present technical details to various stakeholders  You´re fluent in English (German is a plus) and a team player with a customer-orientation mindset  Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: The area of corporate development combines the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes first, projects to develop new business and products, growth initiatives in existing businesses, and M&A projects. Second, corporate development works on the continuous optimisation of business processes, increasing productivity and cost effectiveness, as well as expanding the product landscape in all divisions of SIXT. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:07:46.017000
