8380	10985	(Senior) Director Commercial Channel Performance (m/w/d)	Are you interested in the mobility solutions of tomorrow and want to take on commercial responsibility for the sales channels and product divisions in the area of ​​revenue management? You have experience in or with different sales channels, know their strengths, challenges and interactions and can therefore ensure the overall entrepreneurial achievement of sales and earnings targets across all channels. Then join our Revenue Management team in Munich as (Senior) Director Commercial Channel Performance (m/f/d). What you do with us: In the department ?Pricing & Commercial Development? you take on the commercial responsibility for our sales channels and product divisions, their goal achievement and strategy implementation. You lead a team of 5 experienced experts with responsibility for the individual sales channels and product divisions for our sales channels and product divisions You and your team coordinate varied requirements from the markets, sales channels and product divisions and ensure that the best possible solution is found and implemented. You work closely with the division heads, develop new and optimize existing products and mobility solutions for our customers. You conduct systematic observations, analyzes and profitability checks for the sales channels and product divisions and, together with your team, derive concrete measures and decisions from them. What you bring with you: You have successfully completed your studies in the commercial field (business administration, economics or similar) and already have >7 years of professional experience in various sales channels, sales management or other sales-related functions. You have several years of experience in leading experienced, self-employed employees combine entrepreneurship with analytical acumen You have a strong analytical, networked way of thinking and a strong understanding of numbers, are technically adept, conceptually strong and practiced in dealing with Excel and PowerPoint You work precisely, independently, structured, goal-oriented and have extensive experience in conception and control and implementation of projects You are strong in communication and assertiveness in English (German is an advantage) and you enjoy using this strength to ensure corporate goals across teams. You not only motivate your team, but also your stakeholders and have a confident demeanor towards the top -Management Additional information Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are at your disposal available - just to name a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margin-optimizing product and price management for all business areas and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. Yield management is primarily concerned with maximizing yield through use- and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Questions such as planning the size and composition of the fleet, forecasting the fleet and demand and controlling the on and off control of vehicles are answered here. In addition, if necessary, demand adjustments are carried out through price and availability controls. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customer	Manager - Sales	None	2023-03-07 16:07:43.922000
