7803	10408	Senior Softwareentwickler Robotic Process Automation (m/w/d)	As one of the world's leading mobility providers, we at SIXT aim to offer our customers individual, flexible and unlimited mobility and thus create a real alternative to their own car. To fulfill this mission, we want to make our processes as seamless and automated as possible for both our external and internal customers. So we launched our first Robotic Process Automation (RPA) initiative to drive automation and eliminate manual tasks in our processes. With the establishment of the RPA Center of Excellence (CoE), we are at the beginning of an exciting journey in which you as a developer (m/f/d) will have a great impact! What you do with us: You work closely with various IT systems experts and the RPA CoE to understand business requirements and deliver automation solutions. You design, develop and test well-structured and scalable RPA solutions to automate complex processes using tools such as UiPath , Blue Prism etc. You carry out end-to-end and user acceptance tests in cooperation with the specialist departments to ensure a stable production launch You monitor and maintain existing bots and implement changes if necessary You evaluate and develop possibilities for automation of business processes You ensure compliance with internal standards, methods and procedures and propose measures to improve development activities What you bring: You have a degree in computer science, business informatics or comparable training You have several years of experience in the design and implementation of Robotic process automation in one of the typical applications (such as UiPath, Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere, ...) You have knowledge and experience in programming languages ​​(e.g. SQL, HTML, Javascript, XML, Python, ...) You are communicative and able to present technical details to different stakeholders You are fluent in English (German is a plus) and are a team player with a customer-centric mindset Additional information Work at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various leisure activities such as the gaming area, the SIXT football team or the SIXT choir are available to you - just to mention here to name few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers in all business areas of SIXT SE. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 mi	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:06:33.047000
