7953	10558	(Senior) E-Mail Marketing Manager (m/w/d)	We are looking for a highly motivated (Senior) Email Marketing Manager (m/f/d) for our dynamic, rapidly growing team. As an expert (m/f/d) in CRM and campaign management, you will work closely with other marketing teams to generate awareness via email and push notifications channels, bring valuable traffic to our website and increase the conversion rate. In order to achieve the corporate goals together, you always use your analytical and strategic skills. Does that sound like you? Then apply now and actively shape the future of mobility! ?Let?s paint the world orange!? What you do with us: You are responsible for innovative and data-driven projects with the aim of further optimizing communication via e-mail and push notification and thus ensuring a unique customer experience. You drive the automation and personalization for our products SIXT rent, SIXT share , SIXT ride and SIXT plus for all markets, making use of data and technologies You define performance KPIs and regularly monitor the success of campaigns along the customer journey You carry out A/B tests to optimize contact strategies You manage internal and external service providers and are in close contact with other departments What you bring: You already have several years of professional experience in the areas of CRM, marketing communication, e-mail marketing or lifecycle marketing, preferably in an omni-channel environment You have successfully completed a Studies in business administration, marketing or communication or a comparable education You are fluent in English, Dutch is a plus You are experienced in dealing with CRM marketing technologies (Salesforce Marketing Cloud is a plus) You work independently, structured and independently, have high quality standards and a hands-on mentality Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various leisure activities such as the gaming area, the SIXT football team or the SIXT choir are available to you - just to mention here to name few. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (Auto A	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:51.569000
