6063	8668	(Senior) Manager:in Governance, Risk und Audit (w/m/d), Wo D	(Senior) Manager in Governance, Risk and Audit (f/m/d) Academic Professional (Senior) Manager in Governance, Risk and Audit (f/m/d) Where you want-Job start date immediately DB Netz AG Informatik full-time /part-time (permanent duration) Job no. 209216 Job Ref. 181255 2 Job description We are looking for you as a (senior) manager in governance, risk and audit (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG in Frankfurt (Main) as soon as possible. This is a Where you want job. In coordination with your manager, you can arrange your place of work yourself within Germany and choose between mobile work and work in the office. Your tasks As a (senior) manager in governance, risk and audit, you will identify risks and weaknesses in information-processing assets at an early stage and derive countermeasures. You will reduce information security risks in all information-processing assets of DB Netze Track. You will ensure that the overriding specifications of information security management (ISM) are implemented You will identify and address any need for change or improvement, e.g. in regulations within DB Netze Track. You will also develop specifications for IT security consulting and implement them. You will carry out risk assessments and, if necessary, recommend risk-minimising measures Successfully completed technical/university studies or training in the field of computer science, business psychology or relevant work experience in the tasks described above You have extensive knowledge and at least five years of relevant professional experience in the field of information security management, proven by certifications such as CISSP or CISM You also have sound practical experience in creating of IT security guidelines and processes In addition, you can demonstrate practical experience in setting up and operating an ISMS according to ISO 27001 and in creating IT security reports. Experience in carrying out risk assessments according to ISO 27001, alternatively experience with COBIT do not present you with any challenges You are characterized by a structured way of working and the ability to reduce complexity Finally, you convince with your communication skills, confident presentations in front of top management and empathy Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Risk-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:00.053000
