7555	10160	(Senior) Engineering Manager (m/f/d)	Our engineers are versatile technologists, responsible for designing, building, and running the applications making up the core of our mobility ecosystem. Premium service and customer excitement are core values of SIXT, and this also touches every aspect of our tech stack. Performance, scalability, resilience, ease-of-use and security are essential for everything we do, and we constantly push the limits. These are especially important in our Finance Systems, most of which we build in-house to meet the needs of our many different mobility products and their customers perfectly: We want smooth and efficient payment handling to be one key reason to choose SIXT. We are looking for an experienced Engineering Manager (m/f/d) who is passionate about both technology and people, who has a great sense of ownership, applies strong leadership in a complex environment, and shares our vision of fully digitized mobility services.  Do what you love: You will lead a team of smart engineers on a mission of constant development, enabling them to meet their personal and organizational goals   You evangelize modern engineering practices and empower engineers to make technical decisions: engineering manager != tech lead  You will work with Product Owners and Agile Coaches to create a high-performance team and improve internal and external collaboration  You understand that it is all about execution and delivering value, even when roadmaps change. You do not limit yourself by boundaries between IT and other departments  Come as you are:  You have built and managed engineering teams  You love supporting other people?s development and at the same time you manage to keep yourself up to date with the latest engineering trends  You have been responsible for complex backend systems or cutting-edge consumer-facing platforms or applications  You have BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience  Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, company car,?no dress code, choose your own device, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, we offer you a super international working environment, numerous trainings for your individual development, participation in external conferences and we even organize internal dev & tech talks. Our Feel Good Manager will be happy to help you with the organization or to assist you when you move to Germany from abroad and need to organize visas or other administrative procedures.?  It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.    About the department: Engineers take note: cutting edge technology is waiting for you! We don't buy, we primarily do it all ourselves: all core systems, whether in the area of car sharing, car rental, ride hailing and much more, are developed and operated by SIXT itself. Our technical scope ranges from cloud and on-site operations through agile software development. We rely on state-of-the-art frameworks and architectures and strive for a long-term technical approach. Exciting? Then apply now! About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we	General Manager/in (Gastronomie)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:02.622000
