7659	10264	(Senior) Online Marketing Manager App (m/w/d)	Do you know exactly what it takes to make an app a success? Do you want to make our ambitious growth targets for our SIXT share app your own, take responsibility for further success and win valuable users with your online marketing strategies in order to push the SIXT share app? CPI, TTR, ATT and SKAdNetwork are not foreign words for you? Then apply now and become part of our SIXT Share Online Marketing Team! To support our market growth in the car sharing sector, we are looking for a (Senior) Online Marketing Manager App (m/f/d) at our headquarters in Munich. DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You are responsible for the paid marketing of our SIXT Share app: From acquiring new customers to expanding existing customer loyalty, everything is in your hands. You plan, implement and run our app marketing campaigns, via Meta, TikTok, Google App Campaigns , Apple Search Ads, Programmatic Advertising and more You define KPIs to measure the effectiveness of your campaigns You are responsible for continuous app performance analysis and the creation of reports and data analyzes to derive new marketing potential You develop innovative online media -Campaigns including creative briefings You work closely with all online marketing teams, brand marketing and product marketing to identify the best advertising opportunities COME AS YOU ARE: You have several years of professional experience in the field of app/paid mobile/digital marketing Relevant experience in managing app campaigns, measuring campaign performance and designing, initiating and conducting marketing tests You have solid technical knowledge in the area of ​​apps / mobile devices (iOS and Android) You have a good analytical understanding, a high affinity about data and figures as well as a quick grasp and convinces with your team skills You are structured and like to work independently You speak fluent English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing)	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:15.391000
