7690	10295	(Senior) Analyst Pricing & Commercial Development USA (m/f/d)	Are you interested in tomorrow's mobility solutions and want to take responsibility for pricing and product design in the area of revenue management? With your analytical skills you will set the standard for price setting and with your extensive commercial expertise you will ensure the achievement of defined goals in your market area. We are looking for a motivated and committed (Senior) Analyst Pricing & Commercial Development USA (m/f /d). With a degree in tourism, business administration, economics or similar you can hit the ground running in revenue management at SIXT! Regardless, of whether you already have work experience or not, if you know the true meaning of: channel pricing, target group segmentation, competitive analysis and profit optimization you should apply! What you will do: You are a commercial expert for our biggest growth market, the USA, and you are responsible for reaching sales and margin targets You create pricing models for various customer segments and implement new products in the area of pricing You conduct systematic observations and analyses of your market and derive concrete measures and decisions from them You will create ad hoc analysis, carry out profitability reviews and actively shape our internal reporting systems You will contribute to the development of our rate system and take on exciting projects in the field of revenue management About you: You have successfully completed a degree in tourism, business administration, economics or similar Ideally, you already have gained some professional experience in pricing, yield or revenue management, business analytics or performance management You have a strong analytical way of thinking, a strong understanding of numbers, you are technically skilled, conceptually strong, and experienced in using Excel You work precisely, independently, in a structured, goal-oriented manner and you enjoy teamwork You have very good English skills for communicating with international colleagues; Knowledge of German is a clear plus, but not a requirement Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.?  About the department: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margins-optimising product and price management for all business sectors and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. The yield management is primarily concerned with maximising revenue through utility and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Issues such as planning and composition of the fleet size, predicting the fleet and demand and regulating imports and modulation of vehicles are addressed here. Furthermire, demand adjustments are carried out if necessary through price and availability controls. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:19.199000
