8106	10711	Senior Director Organizational Development (m/w/d)	At SIXT you not only work for one of the leading mobility providers worldwide, you revolutionize the market with us. With our SIXT One app, we combine the products: Rent, Share, Ride and SIXT+ and offer the end consumer a holistic concept for all mobility-related needs. We are successful not only thanks to our unerring instinct for trends and our ability to react quickly to the constantly changing market, but also because performance is a key factor for us. With you in the position of Senior Director Organizational Development (m/f/d), we want to expand this lead and continue to grow. In your function, you are responsible for the standards and the further development of the company-wide organizational structure and our internal procedures, processes and performance measurement. Is efficiency in your blood? Then become part of Team Orange and help shape the future of SIXT. What you do with us: You are responsible for organizational development and efficiency management with the aim of increasing the company's performance and efficiency. You implement initiatives to optimize decision-making and business processes, for continuous performance improvement. You accompany and analyze strategic and organizational transformations, for Establishment of a sustainable operating model You define the roadmap for the optimization of processes and are responsible for communication at senior management and board level You work very closely with top management and the cross-departmental interfaces such as Controlling and HR What you bring: You have the power Several years of well-founded experience in the field of organizational development and organizational design on a global and cross-functional level You have experience in managing large interdisciplinary projects in the field of performance improvement / organizational development, as well as in the conception and implementation of cross-departmental initiatives You convince with excellent analytical and conceptual skills and have seen you as the "Lord of the KPIs" You bring a strong entrepreneurial mindset, work in a structured, efficient and always performance-driven way You are fluent in German and English and have very good MS Office skills, especially in Excel and Powerpoint Additional information Working at Sixt means not only creating the future of mobility, but also offering personal benefits. Specifically for you, this means: 30 days of vacation, support with your old-age provision and capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers	Business-Development-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:10.386000
