7490	10095	Senior Business Analyst (m/f/d)	Do you love complex data relationships and getting to the bottom of things? You have experience in the field of data analysis and are looking for a challenge with "drive"? Then join our team in Munich and start as soon as possible in our Fleet Analytics Team. The focus of your work will be to analyze the current market value of our vehicles and to optimize their time of sale. Sounds interesting? Then apply now!   What you do with us: You will evaluate the valuation of vehicles without a buyback agreement internationally and make this available to the relevant departments (Finance, Vehicle Sales).  You develop a valuation model for the international vehicle fleet including internal and external data sources  You define the optimal time and place of vehicle sales across countries and thus contribute to global fleet management  You create relevant reports, develop and manage departmental and divisional KPIs, develop decision bases and optimize both reporting and key figures About you: You already have a few years of professional experience in the area of data analysis/business analytics and ideally have experience in the area of remarketing vehicles You enjoy getting to the bottom of data, structuring it and deriving recommendations for action from data sets with the help of analyses You have experience with MS Excel, SQL and databases (e.g. Athena) You are interested in the automotive industry and are always up to date with the latest developments  You feel comfortable in an international environment and speak fluent English. Fluent German is a plus for this position   Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+,?discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.?  About the department: The purchasing department buys everything! With a lot of creativity and expertise, we manage the balancing act every day between the specifications of the internal quality requirements and the premium focus of SIXT. This includes Fleet Purchase (national and international) as well as Strategic and Operational Procurement teams. They not only focus on the strategic mission of the company, but also on complex quality requirements and a competitive cost structure. We continue to grow and are looking for support in facing new challenges that need to be mastered with excellent communication, negotiation skills, great affinity for numbers, attention to detail and knowledge of contract design! About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mob	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:54.664000
