7475	10080	Senior HR Manager (m/f/d)	The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and encouraged in your job at the same time? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the A-ROSA Sylt to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our house. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen our large A-ROSA team. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now as Senior HR Manager (m/f/d)! Your tasks Professional contact person for the employees of the resort and the specialist departments Active advice for managers on all questions of human resources management Implementation and optimization of operational human resources work Participation in HR projects Identification of training and further education needs in the team on site and development of team development measures in coordination with the head office Conducting of annual appraisals for the assessment and development as well as tracking of the identified goals Responsibility for the entire process of personnel recruitment Active participation in the preparation of the budget, implementation of the specifications from the budget and forecast as well as active development of proposed solutions to achieve the goals Further development of standards in the human resources area as well as coordination and cooperation with the central planning, organization and participation in personnel fairs Supervision of the staff apartments Your profile Successfully completed studies with a focus on human resources or subject-specific training in human resources Professional and management experience in a comparable position Good knowledge of labor and social law High reliability and sovereignty, empathy, hands- on mentality and strong communication skills Good knowledge of German and English What we offer A permanent employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A- ROSA Resorts, aja Resorts, HENRI Hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer. In case of short-term needs, a Bonago-Card for childcare? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Our staff canteen will take care of your daily well-being. Inexpensive, modern and well-equipped accommodation with a kitchen, bathroom and terrace or balcony. The A-ROSA holiday feeling is known far beyond the borders of Germany. But we also have a lot to offer as an employer. Are you looking for a company that is always one step ahead of the market? You are right here. Would you like to be challenged and supported at the same time in your job? We agree. Are you looking for collegial, respectful and fair cooperation? We should get to know each other. Discover the many facets that a career at A-ROSA offers! Contact: A-ROSA Sylt Listlandstraße 11 25992 List auf Sylt Mr. Annas Karnath Personal & Training +49 (0) 465 196 750 783 bewerbung.sylt@a-rosa.de	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:05:52.832000
