7818	10423	(Senior) Analyst Pricing & Commercial Development USA (m/w/d)	Are you interested in the mobility solutions of tomorrow and want to take responsibility for pricing and product design in the area of ​​revenue management? You set standards for pricing with your analyzes and ensure the achievement of defined goals in your market with your comprehensive commercial expertise. We are looking for a motivated and dedicated (Senior) Analyst Pricing & Commercial Development USA (m/f/d) in the product area to start as soon as possible. It doesn't matter whether you already have professional experience or not: if you know what the terms channel pricing, target group segmentation, competition analysis and yield optimization are, then apply with a degree in tourism, business administration, economics or similar and start in revenue management at SIXT . What you do with us: You are a commercial expert for our most important growth market, the USA, and in this function you ensure that goals are achieved. You are responsible for market- and profit-oriented product and pricing and you develop strategies to achieve market share as well as sales and margin targets create price models for different customer segments and implement new products in the area of ​​pricing You make systematic observations, analyzes and profitability checks of your market and derive concrete measures and decisions from them You are involved in the further development of our systems and processes and take on exciting projects in the area of ​​revenue management What What you bring: You have successfully completed a degree in tourism, business administration, economics or similar and ideally already have some professional experience in pricing, yield or revenue management, business analytics or project/performance management You have a strong analytical, networked way of thinking and pronounced understanding of numbers, are technically adept, conceptually strong and practiced in dealing with Excel You work precisely, independently, structured, goal-oriented and enjoy teamwork You are strong in communication and assertiveness and you enjoy this strength in ensuring the company goals work across teams You have very good knowledge of English for communicating with international colleagues; Knowledge of German is an advantage Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margin-optimizing product and price management for all business areas and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. Yield management is primarily concerned with maximizing yield through use- and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Here, questions such as planning fleet size and composition, forecasting fleet and demand, and controlling the on and off control of vehicles are addressed	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:35.001000
