8093	10698	(Senior) Display Marketing Manager (m/f/d)	You are a display marketing professional (m/f/d) and have already advertised and sold all kinds of things via various multi-channel campaigns? Then why not help shape the mobility revolution and accompany SIXT+ - DAS AUTO ABO on the next step? We are looking for an experienced Display Marketing Manager (m/f/d) for our SIXT+ Online Marketing Team to do just that: campaign management for our most innovative product at SIXT. Going live and pray does not exist with us! If you don't like numbers and analysis, you can stop reading at this point. Our goal is the optimal conversion rate, so nothing works without tracking, evaluations and goal-oriented analyses. Does this sound like what you're looking for? You want to help shape the global mobility revolution? Then apply as a Display Marketing Manager (m/f/d)!  DO WHAT YOU LOVE:    You are responsible for the display marketing of SIXT+: From new customer acquisition to expanding existing customer loyalty, everything is in your hands   You plan, implement and execute our display marketing campaigns, via Meta, Google Display Network, Programmatic Advertising and more   You set KPIs, to measure the effectiveness of your campaigns you are responsible for continuous performance analysis as well as the creation of reports and data analysis to derive new marketing potentials   You develop innovative online media campaigns including creative briefings   You work closely with all online marketing teams, brand marketing and product marketing to identify the best advertising opportunities  Additional Information  COME AS YOU ARE:   You have several years of professional experience in display/digital marketing   You have relevant experience in managing display campaigns as well as measuring campaign performance and designing, initiating and executing marketing tests   You have solid tracking skills (including.Facebook Pixel, Google Analytics, Exactag and Adjust)   You have a good analytical understanding, a high affinity for data and numbers as well as a fast comprehension and convince with your team skills   You are structured and like to work independently   You have fluent German and English language skills About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:08.802000
