6116	8721	Senior Digital Consultant (m/w/d)	IT professionals welcome!

Senior
Digital Consultant (m/f/d)

Your tasks

You ensure the professional handling of projects in the role of project manager (incl. budget, quality and timeline (agile & classic).
Your task is to provide advice on the respective specialist topic, from strategic questions to the conception and implementation of solutions.


You are responsible for planning and conducting business workshops with specialist departments and stakeholders.




your profile

You have successfully completed a university degree and have 3-5 years of experience as a consultant or project manager in the IT environment.


Ideally, you have certifications in common PM methodologies and knowledge of common technologies, applications and IT landscapes.


You have a strong customer and goal orientation as well as communication skills (we require a willingness to travel).






your benefits

Flexible & mobile working

Free fitness training

Job ticket & bike leasing

Telekom Corporate Benefits

Coaching & Training



About ORBIT

With over 30 years of market experience, ORBIT is a premium IT service provider. As an excellent Microsoft partner, we advise companies, develop concepts and customize cloud solutions or system landscapes.
First and foremost, ORBIT stands for quality. This is also reflected in the corporate culture. Respectful interaction at eye level is just as good form here as the friendly "Du" at all levels. A total of over 350 employees at three locations in Germany contribute to the success of the company. ORBIT is a wholly owned, operationally independent subsidiary of Telekom.

Do you still have questions?

 Stefan Hundsdorfer +49 228 956 93-682
ORBIT Society for application and information systems mbH | www.orbit.de



Apply now:

To the application form
What colleagues say:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRhOxQZlTeI



E-mail application Online application	IT project manager (further education/training)	None	2023-03-07 16:03:06.582000
