8175	10780	Senior Projektmanager Corporate Development (m/w/d)	Have you been working in top management consulting for several years and have you already celebrated success as a project manager or consultant (m/f/d)? Are you very familiar with topics such as corporate development, corporate strategy, process optimization and project management and would you like to constantly develop your knowledge in an international environment? Then strengthen our team in the Corporate Development department as Senior Project Manager Corporate Development (m/f/d) at our company headquarters in Munich. DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You work in the Corporate Development team, which reports directly to the Management Board and supports a broad portfolio of projects that are of great importance for strategy and efficiency in the company You manage projects in various departments You cover a wide range of topics ( e.g. finance, organisation, sales & marketing, operations or digitization) and connect you through the projects within the entire SIXT organization You not only develop hypotheses & powerpoints, but also implement projects consistently You independently hold department head and board meetings to develop and coordinate Work results through COME AS YOU ARE: You have several years of experience in top management consulting and have learned a lot both technically and methodically, which you now want to bring to SIXT. You have shown as a (partial) project manager that you can bring topics and teams forward You are only satisfied with a project when you find the results in the balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement You combine analytical strength with implementation competence and pragmatism You want to reduce your travel activities, but not your aspirations & bite Additional information Working at SIXT does not mean only to create the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, you can now decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, increasing productivity and cost efficiency and expanding the range of offers in all business areas of SIXT SE. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million	project manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.832000
