8185	10790	SEO Manager - Dutch speaking (m/f/d)	We are looking for a new team member to grow our team of SEO Experts (nerds) (m/f/d). Maybe we will soon be sitting together with you in our newly designed SIXT HQ in Munich. Let?s see: is SEO more than just content and title tags for you? Do you love strategic and technical SEO? Do you like new processes and ideas? Are SEO memes part of your daily life? If yes, you might be fascinated by SEO just like us, who enjoy optimizing websites and growing organic traffic. If you also have vast experience working with the Dutch market and speak fluent dutch (bonus if you're a native speaker) then apply now as SEO Manager - Dutch speaking (m/f/d)! What you will do: You are responsible for the organic traffic of the respective websites You take care of on-page and off-page measures for the websites You are responsible for the SEO strategy, content and technical optimization You are excited to constantly learn, develop, implement new ideas and share the learnings with the team You enjoy managing projects, making plans and making them happen About you: You have several years of proven experience in on-page, technical and off-page SEO, and are experienced in using tools like Screaming Frog, Sistrix, GSC, Google Analytics, etc. You have no problem aggregating and analyzing data in Excel, and presenting your learnings/ideas in clear and effective ways You like to work independently, are performance-oriented and can clearly communicate in Dutch and English You know the Dutch market very well You have a good understanding of how the web works: from HTML and HTTP all the way to Content and UX Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).  In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	SEO-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:20.053000
