8277	10882	SEO Manager DACH (m/w/d)	Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the digital face for our customers. Our international team manages online campaigns in over 60 different markets worldwide. And with great success! Our multiple award-winning websites and apps are used by millions of customers worldwide and form one of the most important acquisition and communication channels for SIXT. We always have cool ideas on how to further develop our apps and websites and would like to become number one in online marketing in the USA, France, England, the Netherlands or Spain. What you do with us: You are responsible for the organic traffic of the website You take care of on-page and off-page measures for the websites You are responsible for the SEO strategy as well as content and technical optimization You are interested in constantly learning Develop yourself further, implement new ideas and share what you have learned with your team You enjoy managing, planning and implementing projects What you bring with you: You have several years of experience in on-page, technical and off-page SEO and are experienced in Dealing with tools such as Screaming Frog, Sistrix, GSC, Google Analytics, etc. You have no problem aggregating and analyzing data in Excel and presenting your findings/ideas in a clear and effective way You enjoy working independently, are performance-oriented and can express yourself fluently in German and English You know the DACH market very well You have a good understanding of how the web works: from HTML and HTTP to content and UX Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and an outstanding customer	SEO-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:31.274000
