8354	10959	Service manager (m/f/d)	Berlin [10787] from 03/01/2023 full-time - 40 hours/week; Usually 6:00 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. | flexible according to duty schedule | including weekends/holidays (5-day week) Care gastronomy clinics Welcome to pro Care Service GmbH. pro Care Service GmbH is a 100% subsidiary of Elisabeth Vinzenz Verbund GmbH (EVV). The Elisabeth Vinzenz Verbund (EVV) is an association of Catholic hospitals and senior citizens' facilities. pro Care Service GmbH sees itself as an all-round service provider in the facilities of the Elisabeth Vinzenz Association. apetito catering or its affiliated subsidiaries are only available to pro Care Service GmbH in an advisory capacity as part of their assignment in the search for and selection of personnel. That's what you're hungry for: As a committed service manager in the clinic, you are responsible for coordinating and managing the employees, planning and organizing special events and constantly optimizing a wide variety of procedures and processes in day-to-day business. You are a competent contact person and interface at the same time - both for our customers and your management. They always have an open ear for the needs and concerns of the patients and guests of the house. You will support the on-site kitchen team to the best of your ability with the induction of new employees and/or if necessary. At the same time, you ensure a flawless interface to the hospital's internal complaints management system. Our ingredients for you: Holiday and Christmas bonus Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Employee discounts from well-known providers Individual training Extensive further training and seminars Regulated working hours, according to the duty roster with a 5-day week You will whet our appetite : You have sound training and professional experience in a relevant professional field, e.g. B. as a hotel specialist, restaurant specialist or housekeeper. You live your role as host within the clinic. They convince with very good manners and an appropriate appearance. Commitment, discretion and natural authority make you an assertive personality. You work independently, ornament-oriented and have good time and stress management. Your good IT skills - especially in the area of ​​Office products (Word, Excel, etc.) - round off the overall picture. Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh out of school or a career changer? we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sounds delicious? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! Contact details Diana Wedy Tel. 0172 2095035 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 068480	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:07:40.724000
