8340	10945	Service assistant - ward help - service - hospital - clinic	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Station angel - service hero*in - service worker! Are you looking for an attractive and varied job? Then join our team and support the teams of our customers from the care sector, well-known hospitals and clinics in the region, on the service wards. Your task: You look after the patients when choosing meals and record the menu requests electronically. They ensure a smooth catering service and serve the daily meals and drinks. The preparation and follow-up of the work areas as well as the cleaning of these are also part of your tasks. Compliance with the food hygiene regulation and the hygiene and safety regulations always have top priority for you. Requirement profile: Ideally initial experience in service, we are also happy to give motivated career changers a chance Enjoy working in a team Friendly and polite manners Structured and responsible work Good knowledge of spoken and written German Flexibility and reliability We offer you: An interesting, varied and safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for customer requirements Compatibility of family & work Assignments according to your skills Different employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional services possible: Subsidies for travel expenses or HVV-Profi-Card, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:38.993000
