7735	10340	Service staff for the conference area (d/f/m)	The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 7,000 people, 5,000 of them in Switzerland. 12347 Berlin SV Business Catering GmbH Full or part-time possible Service staff for the conference area (d/f/m) Well, would you like a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! What you do Preparation and follow-up and setting up the conference rooms Ensuring an attractive ambience and a high level of service in the guest area Guest service and operating the cash register Serving guests at the café bar Support in the daily operations of the company What you bring with you Passion for the service profession Structured and independent working method Open-minded and motivated personality who enjoys contact with guests Professional experience in gastronomy, in banquet or conference service is an advantage Flexibility, enthusiasm and a sense of responsibility Your location In the SV Restaurant of our customer in Berlin, together with your motivated team, you and your motivated team will spoil our guests every day with a wide range: varied menus , vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks from morning to night as well as a sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. You will work full-time or part-time, Monday to Friday, between 7 a.m. and 4 p.m., depending on the roster. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Christian De Buck, Team Lead HR Recruiting	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:24.719000
