7604	10209	Service staff (m/f/d) full-time or part-time	monte mare currently operates 10 sauna and leisure pool facilities in Germany. Innovative concepts and a high standard are defining features of each individual system. All monte mare facilities have one thing in common: individual solutions and a personal and uncomplicated service that offers every guest a day of vacation on their doorstep. The monte mare company operates a sauna and wellness paradise in Obertshausen with an adjoining sports and leisure pool and its own restaurant. Starting date immediately Job description We are looking for service staff for our sauna restaurant with immediate effect. Your area of ​​responsibility ranges from looking after guests to planning and organizing daily processes. The position is to be filled full-time or part-time. The working hours are performed according to the duty roster with regulated working hours. Requirement profile Ideally work experience in the hospitality industry You are responsible. You have organizational talent and a team player at the same time. You work independently, creatively and reliably. You are flexible, resilient and keep an overview in stressful situations. You are looking for a long-term perspective. This is what awaits you at monte mare: You are worth it to us Above-standard wages Payment of holiday and Christmas bonuses Company pension scheme Capital-forming benefits Anniversary bonus from 5 years of service (5 years: 250 euros, 10 years: 500 euros, ?) Discounted employee meals and drinks, Water for free Tax-free allowances in full Free entry to monte mare facilities and other monetary benefits up to 1,080 euros p. a. Free entry, discounts and discounts at partner companies and the Corporate Benefits portal . Sure, of course! Duty roster issue or information by the 15th of the previous month Support for family events No partial services i. i.e. R. 1-2 free weekends per month on request 4, 5 or 6-day week Only together we are strong Team meetings usually 1x per quarter and department Regular team events (Christmas parties, summer party) Team events for employees You are important to us Opportunities for advancement Long-term cooperation Occupational safety and health protection Occupational health promotion Personal advanced training & professional training We offer an independent and varied field of work in a modern environment as well as performance-based payment. If you would like to enrich our well-established team as a high-performing and helpful person, we look forward to receiving your meaningful application, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date.	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:08.628000
