8351	10956	Service employee (m/f/d) for breakfast full-time or part-time	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! Your tasks: In this position you will mainly work in the breakfast service and then support your colleagues in the lunch service. Taking care of our guests Setting and clearing the tables Preparations for the next day Working full-time (39 hours/week) or part-time (8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. with a 20-hour week) You: enjoy giving our guests a good start to prepare for the day, even if you are a career changer in this profession? are cordial, friendly and like to work in a team have good spoken and written German We offer you: Pay above the collective agreement A permanent employment contract Working time account with the possibility of compensation Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during breaks in our modern staff lounge Employee benefits in-house Corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability) We look forward to receiving your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:40.360000
