8100	10705	Service employee: in	Service employee at Vorbrück GmbH & Co KG - ANDERS Hotel | softgarden View job here Service staff: Full or part-time Gottlieb-Daimler-Straße 11, 29664 Walsrode, Germany Without professional experience 11/02/22 THAT'S US: We live in the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode with its spacious conference center and the extraordinary "Experience? Restaurant ANDERS". for meeting guests. With our cheerful warmth, lively minds, colorful ideas and good mood, our diverse team makes this DIFFERENCE tangible. This makes guests and, of course, employees feel equally comfortable. Facts about the ANDERS Hotel Walsrode? perfect location between Hamburg, Hanover and Bremen at the Walsroder Dreieck? 75 modern, comfortable rooms in the 3* category - also available as 3-/4-bed rooms ? 13 function rooms and the event hall Courage ? our experience restaurant ANDERS on two floors with the terrace under the maxi umbrella Children's ANDERland and play ship ?Wilde Lucy? ? Events in the area of ​​conferences, weddings, family and company celebrations Your area of ​​responsibility: ? Prepare the required mise en place ? Prepare function rooms and the restaurant including posts according to customer specifications? Checking the cleanliness and good condition of the department, the equipment and the tools ? Organization and implementation of banquet events under the guidance and agreement with the supervisor? Instruction and passing on a well-founded training to our trainees? Operation of the Gastronovi POS system including booking and cashing (don't worry - we'll teach you everything) ? Serving food and drinks ? make our guests happy with cheerful and professional service What do we bring? a really cool team staff catering in the restaurant? like our guests! Financial advantages for you, such as company pension schemes and capital-forming benefits, a five-day week off on weekends are possible, exchange with colleagues, hotels, many large and event events, different work areas (hotel, conference, restaurant), highly qualified and certified trainers, friendly and fair management, modern training in many areas Hardware and software Internal celebrations among colleagues In-house training courses We are among the TOP 250 conference hotels in Germany We are a ?Fair Job Hotel? digital time recording because we don't like to see overtime certified as an ?Excellent training company? What are you bringing? YOU! with your personality and your experiences We chat extensively about everything else. We would also like to encourage you to jump in! And if the journey is too far, we would be happy to invite you to an overnight stay. And now? Would you like to shape the hotel world of tomorrow with us and really make a difference? Then apply. We are looking forward to your application. Apply online Imprint | Privacy Policy Powered by softgarden	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:09.655000
