8074	10679	Service employee (m/f/d) on late shift	We, the Mercure Hotel Köln West, are one of Accor's top conference hotels with 11 conference rooms and offer our F&B concept ?Colours? a sophisticated and modern gastronomic offer ? in our à la carte restaurant, our hotel bar and on the beautiful sun terrace. There are 191 rooms on five floors for our wonderful guests. In addition, we offer our guests an indoor pool, a fitness area and a sauna. Do you want variety? Hospitality is your thing? Then you are exactly right with us! Our guests are just as diverse as we are. With us you will meet trade fair visitors, ?Best Agers? and ?Youngster?, conference guests, international travel groups and a diverse team. Why you should come to US? Clearly: We are an open-minded and helpful team in which exactly you are still missing You are the host that our guests look forward to The diverse areas of responsibility never get boring We are never averse to new trends and are always open to your inspiration Not convinced yet? Alright? we also offer you: A voluntary annual bonus Voluntary Christmas bonus Holiday bonus Capital-forming benefits Further training opportunities Discounts with the employee card, worldwide in the Accor Group Opportunity for a discounted job ticket Uniform parking card Inexpensive employee meals   What do we want from you? Completed training in the hotel industry / experience in gastronomy Enthusiasm for good food Drinks Ability to work in a team An open, communicative manner Your area of ​​responsibility: You ensure a warm, attentive service process on late shifts You take care of our guests You feel at home behind the bar and in the restaurant also make our guests feel welcome you guarantee compliance with all quality standards and hygiene regulations your weekly working hours are 39 hours and range between 2:00 p.m. and 1:30 a.m. Sounds good to you? We would be happy to introduce ourselves in an interview and convince you that your career with us is really gaining momentum. The frame comes from us? You fill it with life and personality! We are looking forward to your application!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:06.482000
