8143	10748	Service employee (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. For our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine at the Freudenberg Group in Weinheim, we are looking for flexible and committed support from June. That's why we're looking for you as a... Service employee (*) Office: Weinheim full-time (Monday - Friday: 6:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.) Job number: 6908-23-5618 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Completed vocational training in gastronomy/hotel industry Experience in community catering desirable Good knowledge of German Willingness to perform, flexibility and reliability Host qualities and excellent manners Enjoy dealing with guests Main course ... and what to expect A friendly team Checkout work and help with the food distribution Support with conference catering and at the coffee bar Serving food, drinks, snacks and looking after guests A varied range of tasks Cleaning the workplace Dessert ... and what we can offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee meals, Provision and free cleaning of work clothes, allowance for company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Partner, Sarah Kilic, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:14.912000
