7610	10215	Service employee (*) with part-time checkout (30h)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and dedicated support for our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine in Affalterbach. That's why we are looking for you as a... Service employee (*) with checkout work part-time (30 hours) Office: Affalterbach, Württemberg part-time (30 hours) (Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.) Job number: 7105 -22-5476 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you Experience in community catering desirable Good knowledge of German Willingness to perform, flexibility and reliability Enjoying dealing with guests Main course ... and what to expect A friendly team consisting of approx. 10 colleagues Checkout work and cooperation when serving food Support for conference catering A varied area of ​​responsibility Maintaining personal contact with our guests on site and advising them Cleaning the workplace Dessert ... and what we can offer you Professional and private security through a permanent employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with surcharges, free of charge Employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers. Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Sarah Taieg, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-694 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:09.361000
