8372	10977	Service specialist (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for a charismatic and dedicated host for the Fendt Forum at our customer AGCO Fendt in Marktoberdorf. That's why we're looking for you as a... Service specialist (*) Office: Marktoberdorf full-time (Monday - Friday: usually between 7:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.) Job number: 8702-23-5749 Starter ... and what What you bring Completed vocational training in the hotel or catering industry with first-class skills Professional experience in a comparable area of ​​responsibility, ideally in the hotel/catering industry or community catering Willingness to perform, customer/service orientation and a lot of passion for your profession Excellent manners, strong communication skills and a convincing demeanor Main course... and what to expect A friendly team Hospitality in the public restaurant, in the event area and other operational activities Billing and cash register activities Planning, selling and conducting conferences and events Ordering of drinks and the required food Ensuring smooth operations while maintaining the highest hygiene and quality - as well as the pleasure & harmony company standards dessert ... and what we have to offer you Fair and appropriate remuneration, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy for company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A hundred percent family business with Tradition, fast growing with more than 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Marie-Louise Hortenbach, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-693 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:42.936000
