8129	10734	Service employee (m/f/d) full-time or part-time	The ZUGBRÜCKE is a privately run 4-star superior hotel with 137 rooms, conference center with 14 event rooms, 2 restaurants with a total of 230 seats, bar, club, house brewery, pizzeria, bowling, sports and wellness. A really varied offer in a really idyllic location: in the middle of the countryside, but still anything but out of this world. Since we were founded in 1964, we have grown into one of the leading private hotels in Rhineland-Palatinate. We were only able to do this thanks to a motivated team and many long-standing employees. Family and reliable, modern and digital, cordial and attentive? that's what we stand for and that's what we work on every day. Maybe with you soon? The ZUGBRÜCKE was honored as "Host of the Year 2006" in Rhineland-Palatinate and won the important industry competition "Grand Prix der Tagungshotellerie" in 2019. In addition, the ZUGBRÜCKE is a member of the "working family" - an association of family-run companies that looks after the well-being of the guests and employees is particularly important. Are you interested in discovering something new and our versatile restaurant concept "Z"? We are looking for a pleasure advisor for our guests, effective immediately or by appointment: Service staff (m/f/d) full-time or part-time Yours Tasks! Whether in the buffet restaurant, à la carte area or conference business, you look after our guests and create them a unique experience. You bring that with you! Completed restaurant or hotel training or, as a career changer or returnee, already professional experience in the service area, well-groomed appearance, good Knowledge of German and very good manners Last but not least: communication, team spirit, flexibility, independence and enjoying working with people are really important to you? Right, us too. Welcome to the #teamzugbruecke! That's from us! 39-hour week App for transparent recording of working hours and application for free wishes or holidays Training and further education opportunities Free employee meals during working hours Free drinks (water, non-alcoholic soft drinks, coffee, tea) and fruit during working hours 25% employee discount on all services of the Hotels Free use of the fitness studio (equipment and courses) Employee swimming (on certain dates) Holiday and Christmas bonuses from the 2nd year of employment Company pension scheme Free use of employee parking spaces Free use of the company’s own WiFi during breaks Gifts (birthday, anniversary?) and employee events inexpensive overnight stays in over 500 cooperating hotels in Germany and abroad with the "personights" rate employees and their families stay cheaply in the Zugbrücke at the "personights" rate (if there is sufficient room capacity) various discounts on products and services from well-known providers at "corporate". benefits? Reduced travel and shopping offers at ?arbeiterreisebenefits.de? Assistance in finding accommodation Interested? Then we look forward to receiving meaningful application documents, also by e-mail.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:13.199000
