8419	11024	Service staff (d/f/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 32756 Detmold SV Business Catering GmbH 35h/week waiter (d/f/m) Well, fancy a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! What you do Preparation and follow-up and setting up the conference rooms Ensuring an attractive ambience and a high level of service in the guest area Guest service and operating the cash register Serving guests at the café bar Support in the daily operations of the company What you bring with you Passion for the service profession Structured and independent working method Open-minded and motivated personality who enjoys contact with guests Professional experience in gastronomy, in banquet or conference service is an advantage Flexibility, enthusiasm and a sense of responsibility Your place of work In the SV Restaurant of our customer in Detmold, together with a team of 14, you spoil around 500 guests every day with a wide range of offers : varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks from morning to night as well as a sophisticated catering offer for conferences and receptions. You work from Monday to Friday, between 7 a.m. and 3 p.m., depending on the roster. The establishment is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Sina Burkart, HR Recruiter	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:48.707000
