7978	10583	Service manager (m/f/d) for refugee care	Service Manager (m/f/d) Refugee Care WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as a service manager (m/f/d) for refugee care in Hanover | Part Time / Full Time Hours: Flexible Job ID: 2683-319/2023 Apply Now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive tariff remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Good connection to public transport. Local transport and parking Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse further training and career opportunities The tasks: Taking over the service management as part of the care for refugees at the Hanover Exhibition Center Management of the Aramark team in the early and/or late shift Creation of the duty rosters and coordination of the meal and Beverage dispensing Communication with internal and external contacts Quality assurance and control of service standards Responsibility for compliance with hygiene regulations and guidelines Your profile: Professional/service experience in gastronomy Gastronomic training is an advantage First management experience Reliability, passion and team spirit Excellent manners Good German and gladly additional foreign language skills Contact Do you have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly to us as THE tasks taking over the service management as part of the refugee care at the Hanover Exhibition Center Management of the Aramark team in the early and/or late shift Creation of the duty rosters and coordination of the food and drink distribution Communication with internal and external contacts Quality assurance and control of service standards Responsibility for compliance with hygiene regulations and guidelines Professional/service experience in gastronomy Gastronomic training is an advantage First management experience Reliability, passion and team spirit Excellent manners Good German and additional foreign language skills are welcome Attractive tariff remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Good connection to the public Local transport and parking Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a g	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:06:54.633000
