6123	8728	Service technicians (m/f/d)	STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH

Service technicians (m/f/d)

                                                          Karlsruhe, Mannheim, Stuttgart, Heilbronn

                                                          full time

                                                          req49533




Progress starts with us.
 At STRABAG, around 74,000 people at 700 locations around the world are working on progress. Whether in building construction and civil engineering, road construction and civil engineering, bridge and tunnel construction, in the construction of industrial and port facilities, in building management or in project development - we think construction ahead in order to become the most innovative and sustainable construction technology group in Europe. Each and every one of us is asked to do this: together we implement projects successfully and in partnership and grow with new tasks. Together we create great things.
 STRABAG Property and Facility Services (STRABAG PFS) is an integrated real estate and industrial service provider for all types of real estate, leading in digital and technical competence. We provide sustainable solutions for our customers in every life cycle phase of the property - from offices to industrial and production sites, logistics centers to technical buildings and data centers. Our service portfolio includes technical and infrastructural facility management, property management, refurbishment and special industrial services. Our qualified employees provide all services in Germany, Austria, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic - individually tailored to customers, industries and locations and with a uniformly high quality standard. Strong prospects. In the team. Apply now!

Tasks

Independent implementation of maintenance, inspections, troubleshooting and repairs to technical systems and facilities
Maintain system-related documentation properly
Operation of technical systems and facilities
Regular participation in on-call service outside of normal working hours

qualifications

Successfully completed vocational training as an electronics technician, electrician (m/f/d) or comparable training
Several years of customer service experience desirable
readiness for further qualification
High degree of customer orientation, quality awareness and flexibility
Class 3/B driver's license required



We offer

Strong training opportunities
It is very important to us that our employees continue to develop. For this reason, STRABAG has its own group academy, in which we not only impart company-specific know-how, but also offer further training in the areas of managerial and personality development, technology, IT and law. In addition, there are tailor-made training series on the topics of construction management and project management.
Strong career
Plan your career in dialogue with us: We support you in recognizing your potential, defining goals and determining development measures tailored to you. Thanks to a wide range of career opportunities at STRABAG, you have the chance to embark on and pursue a career that really suits you.
health promotion
Strong body, strong mind: Being healthy and productive means much more than showing up at work every day. As part of our company health management (BGM), we therefore rely on comprehensive measures such as health routes, location-specific courses, company fitness and sporting events. The offer is supplemented by seminars, lectures and workshops on topics such as exercise, ergonomics and nutrition.



Contact

                          STRABAG PROPERTY & FACILITY SERVICES GMBH
                          Stefan Goebel
                          Vogelsangerweg 80, 40470 Dusseldorf
                          +49 15167035955
www.strabag-pfs.de	Maintenance and service technician - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:03:07.444000
