8124	10729	Service staff (*) conferences	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. We are now looking for flexible and dedicated support for our sophisticated business restaurant with fresh cuisine in Munich. That's why we're looking for you as a... Service employee (*) Conferences Office: Munich full-time (Monday - Friday: between 6:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m.) Job number: 6800-23-5701 Starter ... and what What you bring Successfully completed vocational training in the hotel, catering or events industry Good spoken and written German skills Willingness to perform, flexibility and reliability Enjoy dealing with guests Main course ... and what to expect A friendly team Catering to guests at conferences with delicious snacks, cool Drinks and soothing coffee or tea Preparatory and follow-up work in daily operations A varied area of ​​responsibility Personal contact with our guests on site and their advice Close cooperation and optimal communication with the service and kitchen team Set-up and conversion of the conference rooms including set-up cleaning of the workplace Dessert ... and what we have to offer you Professional and private security through an open-ended employment contract Fair and appropriate remuneration with supplements, free employee meals, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, subsidy to company pension schemes, employee discounts on products and services from well-known companies Providers A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, around 90 million ? Turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers Regulated, plannable working hours with free weekends/holidays and no part-time work Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Partner, Marie-Louise Hortenbach, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-693 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:12.590000
