5987	8592	Service technician: in electrics throughout Europe – Bussnang	Electrical service technician Europe-wide 100 Electrical service technician Europe-wide 100 Bussnang, Switzerland 100 permanent Stadler has been building trains for over 80 years. With our innovative strength, flexibility and reliability, we are now a leading manufacturer of rail vehicles. In addition to our Swiss locations, around 13,000 employees work at several production and engineering locations and over 70 service locations in Europe, North America and North Africa. At the Stadler headquarters in Bussnang, employees work in the areas of engineering, purchasing, production, vehicles, repairs and meter bogies, as well as commissioning. We are looking for reinforcement for our team in order to shape the future of mobility together Your tasks Entering electrical changes to delivered vehicles Various electrical connections with the help of cable lists, diagrams and documentation Processing of guarantee and rework points at home and abroad Creation of working documentation Ongoing Quality and process optimization, implementation of improvement projects Support for customer acceptances Your profile Must have completed training in the electrical sector Several years of professional experience in the field of service and maintenance is an advantage Safe handling of electrical schemes Driving license category B mandatory Good knowledge of spoken and written German Year-round willingness to travel, the location depends on the customer. I'm happy to help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. We are looking forward for your online application. About the application Information about the application Letter of motivation This is optional with us. However, we would not want to do without a complete CV, job references and training certificates. A maximum of seven files (each with a maximum of 50 MB) can be uploaded. Ladina Pargätzi T 41 71 626 15 16	lightning protection fitter	None	2023-03-07 16:02:50.705000
