7623	10228	Service Team Leader (m/f/d)	What awaits you here? Best prospects for a job in the coolest corner of Travemünde. Because the resort is right at the mouth of the Baltic Sea and Trave. And the spectacular four-master "Passat" anchors right in front of our front door. Look forward to the numerous leisure and water sports opportunities and the UNESCO World Heritage city of Lübeck, which is only a stone's throw away from the Baltic Sea resort. Your Travemünde: You always loved the sea. In the past you could just sit on the beach, listen to the waves, count seagulls and look at the horizon. And now? What used to be a holiday is now part of everyday life for you. Everyday life in its most beautiful form. Because with your job in a top location right on the water, you've finally hit the bull's eye. But that's not all. The working atmosphere is as pleasant as a light Baltic Sea breeze on your skin. Back then you envied the sailors. Your sailing course starts tomorrow. You can't wait to crash through the waves and take a look at the aja resort from the water. The place that changed your life. Large ships, fine sandy beach and the Baltic Sea right outside the door. With the best holiday views and a fresh sea breeze, we welcome our guests every day to aja Travemünde in Lübeck's most beautiful daughter and are looking for you as a service team leader (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You are an organizational hero and guest manager in one Hygiene and occupational safety are a matter of course for you You are right in the middle, instead of just being there Sudoku for service managers (m/f/d): you are a true master in creating the duty roster Your team can trust you Contact You make your team fit for the job and thus our guests happy You are a role model, coach and motivator - you support your team in the further development and promotion of their talents You bring: You enjoy dealing with guests A successfully completed vocational training as Restaurant specialist or hotel specialist Well-founded experience in the bar and service sector First management experience You are flexible and work early or late shifts You are responsible and work independently You always have your area, stock and quality under control You support yours Colleagues and show full commitment If you know Matrix POS? Excellent! If not, we'll teach you everything you need to know. Your attitude: We'll rock it together! We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term. With the NAH.SH job ticket, a monthly 5-day week with detailed time recording Vacation discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and with other partners today already think about your tomorrow - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? We will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Contact: aja Travemünde Am Leuchtenfeld 7 23570 Travemünde Ms. Simone Schramm Administration + 49 (0) 04502 8864 2556 verwaltung.travemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:06:10.978000
