8311	10916	Service and ambience employee (m/f/d)	Eisenhüttenstadt [15890] from March 15, 2023 part-time - shift - 30 hours/week; Usually between 6:30am and 7:30pm | flexible according to duty schedule | Monday - Friday (5-day week) Clinic / Hospital Welcome to the KSG Hospital Service Company. We are a subsidiary of the Municipal Hospital Eisenhüttenstadt GmbH. In addition to the daily provision of up to 800 meals for patients and employees, the KSG's fields of activity include a wide range of service areas of the hospital: from bed service and patient support service to ward service. apetito catering or its affiliated subsidiaries are only available in an advisory capacity to KSG Hospital-Servicegesellschaft mbH within the scope of their assignment in the search for and selection of personnel. You pay attention to: Accompanying the patients from the wards to the clinics, diagnostics and therapy facilities in and on the hospital grounds Supporting the transfer of patients Serving food and drinks for patients on the wards Organizational activities in the wards Carrying out surface disinfection in the patient room and on the Wards Preparation of patient beds in all wards Patient reception and registration of patients and visitors Our ingredients for you: Holiday and Christmas bonus Free meals, including drinks Provision and free cleaning of work clothes Individual training Employee discounts from well-known providers Extensive further training and seminars Regulated working hours, according to the duty roster a 5-day week This will convince us: High degree of flexibility and commitment Quick perception and good sense of direction Physical resilience, high reliability and organizational skills Very good communicative and team-oriented appearance Good knowledge of German, both spoken and written A successful completion of the technical college entrance qualification and completed vocational training ? preferably in the hotel or hospitality industry Whether you have professional experience, whether you are fresh from school or are a career changer? we give you the opportunity to grow into our business. Sound clean? Then apply to us today! The quickest way is to click the "Apply now" button and it only takes a few minutes. We look forward to receiving your application ? preferably via our online portal! Contact details Nicole Machowiak Tel. 03364 543777 Not the right job? You can find more job offers in the job market. Job No. 069020	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:35.448000
