8026	10631	Service staff m/f/d - 38 hours a week	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Before we get into the topic of responsibilities and requirements, I would first like to address things that you can expect when you start with us, in addition to the normal benefits at the end. A strong works council Duty rosters 4 weeks in advance 38h week One guaranteed weekend per month Tariff partner NGG Overtime is seldom Holiday can be taken throughout the year No seasonal work Holiday pay Your tasks: Take responsibility for the optimal supply of our guests with drinks and food, provide the optimal Service to the guest as well as the smooth work processes and support our team at special events and inventories. Even in stressful situations, you balance your tray safely and are always friendly and courteous in order to make our visitors' visit to the restaurant as pleasant as possible. What we expect from you:   Education: Completed vocational training (hotel, gastronomy) or several years of professional experience in the hotel/gastronomy industry Requirements: currently valid health pass and HACCP knowledge Language skills: German and English skills, other foreign languages ​​are an advantage Additional: Knowledge in the areas of food, Wine and spirits Qualities : positive charisma, ability to work in a team and independence Skills : good technical understanding of our cashless booking system Micros Fidelio Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free access to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual employee parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking: Free employee parking spaces are available in sufficient numbers. South Seas feeling: - A unique place of work.	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:00.583000
