7885	10490	Service employee for the early shift (m/f/d)	New thinking needs new spaces ARCADEON ? The future meets here! our idea ? New thinking needs new spaces", we have created contrasting learning spaces - and set trends. Breathe the freedom and inspiration of nature in the "Forest" adventure space. Do you break rigid thought patterns in the ? Hexagon”. We consistently implement these innovative room concepts in our transforming rooms. In the ARCADEON you can feel the magic of the rooms want to ensure that our guests feel invited to experience the magical moments for themselves. For this we were honored in 2018/2019 & 2020/2021 as the winner of the choice of the best conference hotels in Germany in the category "Creative Processes" as well as Jörg and Claudia Bachmann to the TOP conference hotelier 2020/21. Join our team and become an important part of it. Sincerely, Jörg and Claudia Bachmann ARCADEON. Inspired. Motivated. Fascinated Qualitifcations: Completed vocational training as a restaurant specialist or hotel specialist with professional experience We are also happy to take career changers Activities and working hours: Activities: Breakfast service & lunch service Instruction of trainees Banquet service à la carte service Working hours: 5-day week flexible Requirements and we offer : Prerequisites: Well-groomed appearance Teamwork Quality awareness A high standard of service We offer: Pay above the collective bargaining agreement A permanent employment contract The opportunity to gain experience for your future in an exciting and varied position and to develop yourself further Employee conditions in the hotel cooperation Perso Nights Employee conditions in the TOP 250 conference hotels Employee card with various Benefits Free use of our in-house fitness studio Time out All-day employee catering Free parking Help with finding accommodation Individual further training support Birthday and Christmas gifts Employee parties Visit the house with your family and/or friends, experience a few nice hours in a private setting and let your colleagues really spoil yourself. As an employee, you receive the following special conditions during your visit: 20% discount on all food and drinks at Emils and KARLs and in summer for a BBQ on the terrace or in the vaulted cellar 10% discount on your family celebration at ARCADEON on all services. Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:43.204000
