7241	9846	service staff	For our mountain hotel Altes Wallberghaus we are looking for a service assistant (m/f/d) full-time for the period from May to October. Your tasks: Provision of the necessary mise en place. Laying tables and boards. preparation of drinks. Implementation of beverage and food service. Reliable knowledge of the food and drinks on offer, as well as daily specials and current promotions. Proper use, care and cleaning of the equipment and materials used. Economical and cost-conscious use of equipment and materials. Attention to order and cleanliness in the entire work and restaurant area in accordance with the HACCP guidelines. You have: Completed training in the catering or hotel industry. very good knowledge of German. Experience as a service and/or bar employee is an advantage. Outstanding commitment, willingness to provide service, a positive attitude, great interest in a. Team-oriented working methods and attention to detail. friendly, warm and personable demeanor. in addition to flexibility, high resilience and creativity, you have a well-groomed appearance, a cheerful and. extroverted nature and team spirit. Employee BenefitsWe offer the following benefits: WE PROTECT YOU WELL Pension plan. supplementary health insurance. Private accident insurance. HERE YOU CAN SAVE Family & Friends discounts in the Bachmair Weissach world and at partner hotels/ private hoteliers. 50% employee discount in the restaurants of the Bachmair Weissach World. 50% discount in the Bachmair Weissach shop. Discounts in the Corporate Benefits shopping portal. WE PROMOTE AND SUPPORT YOU Spendit Card: After passing the trial period, you will receive a Payback credit card with a monthly top-up of €50.00. and up to €720.00 per year. Assumption of the costs of the in-house German courses. Individual further education support. staff house . Childcare. Have we aroused your interest and would you like to create "moments of happiness" with us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. Please send your application by email to karriere@bachmair-weissach.com If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us in advance by phone! Please apply via Career Account, thank you.	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:05:24.284000
