9054	11659	Setter / lathe operator (m/f/d)	OUR TEAM IS LOOKING FOR YOU!
We are the specialist in the commercial-technical segment and offer future-oriented personnel services. With around 2,000 employees, we are one of the largest personnel service providers in Germany. We have been successfully supporting our customers and employees for over 25 years - with branches throughout Germany.

You too can benefit from our extensive corporate network and the associated job security and become part of our team.

Your tasks:
- Set up, adjust and operate the machines/plants according to instructions
- Setting up machines
- Assembly and disassembly of tools according to drawings and parts lists


Your profile:
- Completed training as a CNC lathe operator (m/f/d) or similar qualification
- First professional experience in a comparable position
- ability to work in a team
- Ability to work independently


We offer you
A culture that puts people first
An attractive salary above the collective agreement with possible wage increases of up to 50%
Vacation and Christmas bonuses as well as continued salary payments in the event of non-deployment and illness
480 euros capital-forming benefits or 576 euros company pension scheme per year from the 1st working day
A permanent employment contract - you benefit from existing customer structures that often lead to takeovers
High demands in occupational safety - ensured by our own specialists for occupational safety, UVEX work clothing, preventive medical check-ups and certificates in occupational safety (SCP/AMS)
Continuous support during the customer assignment by your personal contact
All the benefits of our iGZ membership


your way to us

If you have any questions about this position, we would be happy to answer them personally
Disposal. If you want to apply directly, you can
You are welcome to email us your CV or send us your details
via the offered online application. At the
You can apply online after entering your contact details
Post your resume. This only takes around 3 minutes. To this form
We can respond to the application as quickly as possible. We look forward to seeing you.	CNC-Dreher/in	We are the specialist in the commercial-technical segment and offer future-oriented personnel services. With around 2,000 employees, we are one of the largest personnel service providers in Germany. We have been successfully supporting our customers and employees for over 20 years.	2023-03-07 16:09:06.426000
