8171	10776	Shift manager reception (m/f/d) - 4 days a week possible	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Shift manager reception (m/f/d) - 4 days a week possible Benefits Company pension scheme Capital-forming benefits up to 100% Christmas bonus Employee - and family & friends rate in our hotels Career development Employees & trainee events Employee restaurant Parking lot Your tasks You independently manage our shifts at Reception and thus guarantee a smooth process As a warm host you take care of our guests Your working hours are either daily from 10 a.m. to 6.30 p.m. or as part of a four-day week daily from 9 a.m. to approx. 8 p.m. You have at least every second weekend off You ensure a smooth check-in and check-out of our guests Your enthusiasm ensures a high level of guest satisfaction You coach your colleagues and our trainees Your profile You have completed an apprenticeship/study in the hotel industry/gastronomy or a similar environment You have professional experience in the front office, ideally already in the position of shift manager (m/f/d) You love what you do, and our guests feel that too With humor and a feel for people and situations, you accompany our guests through their stay Even when things get stressful, you keep an overview You can use the common computer programs and at best with Fidelio Suite8 You have fluent German language skills and also good English skills Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and we look forward to receiving your application.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.343000
