7773	10378	Shift Manager Reception (m/f/d)	It?s disco time, baby! In the 1960s and 1970s, Munich was synonymous with disco and disco with Munich. The ibis Styles Munich Perlach revives exactly this zeitgeist. It is located in the newly developed district of ?Perlach Plaza? and has 172 rooms with design elements of the legendary disco era. The furnishing style of the hotel's bar, the breakfast area and the lobby is also dedicated to this special time. It?s disco time, baby! In the 1960s and 1970s, Munich was synonymous with disco and disco with Munich. The ibis Styles Munich Perlach revives exactly this zeitgeist. It is located in the newly developed district of ?Perlach Plaza? and has 172 rooms with design elements of the legendary disco era. The furnishing style of the hotel's bar, the breakfast area and the lobby is also dedicated to this special time. For the opening in autumn 2022 we are looking for a shift manager at reception (m/f/d). That's what we want: You are a process professional and have organizational talent. From check-in to check-out, you handle all processes at reception as well as organizational and administrative tasks in both the front and back office. You are the rock in the surf. Questions? Wishes? Complaints? Guests are always happy to contact you! You are the interface and communication professional. Between all departments in the house as well as networked thinking (i.e. across departments). As a communications professional, you keep all departments up to date. Support . They support the reception line in their daily to-dos. Your profile host. You are a passionate host with a positive and warm personality. team player. You are a good team player as well as open and communicative. feel for language. You have good knowledge of German and English. organizational skills. You are the epitome of multitasking. quality and service. You are quality-conscious and service-oriented. BE YOURSELF ? Be authentic and yourself! WE OFFER payment according to tariff 13th monthly salary Sunday and public holiday bonuses Sodexo employee card Subsidy for the Isarcard subscription Subsidy for company pension scheme VWL Employer subsidy Accor Bienvenue Card (discounts at Accor, Europcar and many more) Family working atmosphere Motivated, dynamic team Flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes? Hands-on mentality Location exchange on request Individual induction phase Best promotion and development opportunities In-house training courses Attractive employee conditions for overnight stays in the numerous GHOTEL Group hotels as well as discounts for family & friends INTERESTED? Then take your chance and apply now!	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:29.349000
