8396	11001	Shift Manager Front Office (m/f/d)	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. Shape your future with us! New, exciting tasks await you in our award-winning spa hotel with international guests. As a passionate host and do you love pampering and, above all, surprising guests? Then become part of our motivated team and enrich our team at the Hotel Victory Therme Erding with your unique personality! The Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in October 2014. It borders directly on the holiday world of the Therme Erding and has 135 rooms in 6 room categories, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar. In the Victory guest house, which is known as a hotel ?Garni? functions, there are another 74 modern rooms, about 100 meters away from the Hotel Victory and the Therme Erding. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES You will create an extraordinary and unforgettable guest experience. They are the first point of contact for our guests and fulfill their personal wishes and needs. You motivate your team to go above and beyond the standard of service in order to inspire our guests in the long term and to create magical moments. You create a positive working atmosphere through your friendly, team and goal-oriented communication as well as your positive attitude and pass this on to guests and colleagues alike. You make a significant contribution to the optimization of all procedures and processes in the front office area and the telephone service at the front office. You always do all the work that needs to be done within the team in a responsible, factually correct and timely manner, thus contributing to the economic success of the company. YOUR PROFILE You are characterized by a very high level of service and quality thinking and act in a guest and team-oriented manner. You have a strong understanding of the needs and desires of other people. You have at least 2-3 years of work experience in the hotel industry in the front office area. You have very good verbal and written communication skills in German and English. You work independently, effectively, show initiative, are resilient and act with foresight. Economic thinking and acting as well as the constant willingness to get involved in the team and to participate in the optimization of processes are a matter of course for you. Your way of working is characterized by cross-departmental thinking and acting. WE OFFER a unique job with the opportunity to help shape a motivated team. the use of the F&B offer (benefits in kind) of our house. diverse training opportunities. performance-linked wages. A flexible duty roster according to an individual life plan. an electronic timekeeping system that registers every hour. the use of the hotel's own fitness area, discounts in over 500 hotels in DACH and other internal discounts within the hotel. CONTACT Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form/by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations, to: Hotel Victory Therme Erding GmbH | e.g. Attn: Petra Kuschel | Thermenallee 1a | 85435 Erding | Email: bewerbung@victory-hotel.de | Tel. 08122 550 3560	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:45.895000
