7554	10159	Shift supervisor / gastronomy manager (m/f/d) at BELANTIS!	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a shift manager / gastronomy manager (m/f/d) at BELANTIS! Are you trained in gastronomy, e.g. as a specialist in system gastronomy or as a specialist in the hospitality industry, or have you gained years of experience in a restaurant or snack stand? Then bring your professional experience to bear in an adventurous day at work in our amusement park! As the person responsible for one of our catering businesses, you are responsible for maintaining our quality standards, training new colleagues, motivating your team and, of course, as the contact person for our guests and your department management. Become our new gastronomy manager (m/f/d) and handle the following tasks in your everyday work. In one of our gastronomic units you will be responsible both at the cash register and in the preparation of food. As the main contact person you will take care of orders, inventories, warehousing, compliance with the HACCP standards and product quality as well as compliance with the health insurance regulations You bring in suggestions for improvement and implement sales-promoting measures You work with new employees and temporary staff Our benefits An extensive induction with everything you need to instruct and guide employees professionally A special workplace in an amusement park right in the Leipziger Neuseenland, a great, cordial and colorful team (from students to pensioners (m/f/d) - everyone has a home with us) A cheap canteen (2.50 ? the main meal), company events, a Employee volleyball court and much more Your benefits You have initial experience in training employees or shift management, ideally you have several years of experience or training in gastronomy You are absolutely reliable, work conscientiously, like to take personal responsibility and can work well in a team The implementation of quality standards and HACCP standards is a matter of course for you You are well organized, have tried and tested experience in prioritizing tasks even in stressful times You understand and speak German Your adventure A seasonal job from mid-March until at least 10/31/23 with great certainty, even in the season Be there again in 2024 Your working hours Are you willing to work on weekends and public holidays around the park opening times (10 a.m. - 5 p.m. / 6 p.m.) Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h Working method & team Technical guidance of constantly changing groups of colleagues, work in a team in close cooperation with our team leaders and department heads Your start From mid / end of March   Convinced? Then apply with your CV, certificates and your complete contact details. Our application process usually consists of a personal interview and a trial day to get to know the team.	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:06:02.500000
