8263	10868	Shift manager F&B m/f/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! Your field of activity includes supplying guests with drinks and food, as well as functional testing of the technical systems in your area. You ensure that a positive image is maintained in the respective F&B outlet. Your tasks will also include creating a smooth action plan on behalf of the team leader and checking the requested goods for your area of ​​work and providing support for special events, events and inventories as well as fulfilling guest requests in our gastronomy. What we expect from you Degree: Completed training or several years of professional experience in gastronomy Professional experience: First management experience is an advantage Knowledge: Knowledge of food, wine and spirits Special skills: Good technical understanding of our cashless booking system Micros-Fidelio Language skills: Good foreign language skills for our international guests Characteristics: positive charisma, ability to work in a team and independence Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free entry to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development:   Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals:   Discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time:   Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual staff parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service:   Free bus shuttle from the train station ?Brand Tropical Islands? to the resort and back again. Parking:   Sufficient free employee parking spaces available. South Seas feeling:   A unique place of work.	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:07:29.565000
