8196	10801	Showaushilfe (m/w/d)	EUROSTRAND Resorts ? these are two unique facilities with 4-star comfort in Fintel in the Lüneburg Heath and in Leiwen in the Moselle valley. With our high-quality all-inclusive offers and our first-class entertainment program, we have been one of the most successful providers of sophisticated resort holidays for almost 50 years. Our success is primarily based on the commitment and enthusiasm of our more than 400 value-oriented employees. We want to be more than just an employer - we are there for people! Our WHY describes it: "EVERYONE has the opportunity to experience their own moment with us in order to fulfill their longings and wishes." With us, everyone should feel in good hands and be able to develop further in order to be a competent and responsible employee. Would you like to contribute with your knowledge and skills? Then apply as a show assistant (m/f/d) You will take on the following tasks: Participation in the show rehearsals Weekly shows Learning the script Possibly a temporary assistant at the weekend if you wish You bring the following with you: talent for dancing acting talent desire to be on stage or even stage experience flexible availability in the evening hours team player and fun dealing with people reliable and punctual We offer you: first and foremost YOU... and a collegial, value-oriented team You can also expect a varied workplace flat hierarchies with a pleasant working atmosphere and a growing corporate culture  lunch together with free Meals as well as hot and cold drinks (alcohol-free) and an employee living room to relax Use of the in-house leisure facilities (bowling, mini-golf and more) Free cleaning of the work clothes provided Individual further training opportunities & opportunities for advancement Employee holidays in the resorts at very favorable conditions An attractive bonus system and perks for over 800 Brands & providers above-tariff payment   We are looking for valuers, viewers, courageous and impressors to inspire our guests and achieve our demanding goals - we are looking for you! We look forward to seeing you!	Singer	None	2023-03-07 16:07:21.402000
