5918	8523	Site manager in road construction and civil engineering (f/m/x)	Your future. Our construction site. Working at Schnor Pfeil Rhein-Main is a challenge with prospects: We belong to a medium-sized group of companies with around 800 employees and have specialized in air traffic areas, railway and infrastructure construction. We offer our customers first-class construction services - we are excellently positioned for this with highly qualified staff, modern equipment, our own quarry operations, asphalt mixing plants and traffic safety systems. WE HAVE BIG PLANS. YOU TOO? THEN STRENGTHEN OUR TEAM IMMEDIATELY AS A SITE MANAGER IN ROAD AND CIVIL ENGINEERING (F/M/D) Your tasks: You will manage demanding construction projects in accordance with the order and quality. You will advise and support our clients on technical issues. You lead your construction site team and coordinate suppliers and subcontractors. You will process contracts and handle construction-related correspondence. You will be responsible for the cost control and billing of construction sites. Your profile: You have successfully completed your degree in civil engineering (TU/TH/HS) and ideally have professional experience. You are an organizational talent; Profitability and strategy determine your thoughts and actions. You have a confident demeanor and strong communication skills, assertiveness and negotiating skills. You love variety, are imaginative, independent and enjoy working in a team. You have good user knowledge of MS Office and a calculation and accounting program (ideally RIB iTWO). We offer: Highly complex construction projects and responsible tasks in an appreciative working environment An attractive salary package with special payments and a company car, also for private use Flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes Open culture of discussion and a collegial environment Personal and professional development according to your individual needs Mobile working and flexible working hours - early end of work on Friday Ergonomic and modern working conditions Regular team events and employee discounts Free parking spaces, employee drinks and office fruit Please apply directly via our homepage or via email to contact: Schnorpfeil Rhein-Main GmbH & Co. KG Waldecker Straße 11 64546 Mörfelden-Walldorf Simone Lindner Telephone: 06105-27 66 152 Dazu@schnor Pfeil.com www.schnor Pfeil-rhein-main.com	Engineer - Construction	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.134000
