6185	8790	Site manager in bridge construction (m/f/x)	STRABAG AG

Site manager in bridge construction (m/f/x)

                                                          Schwalmstadt (Hesse)

                                                          full time

                                                          req44881




Progress starts with us.
 At STRABAG, around 74,000 people at 700 locations around the world are working on progress. Whether in building construction and civil engineering, road construction and civil engineering, bridge and tunnel construction, in the construction of industrial and port facilities, in building management or in project development - we think construction ahead in order to become the most innovative and sustainable construction technology group in Europe. Each and every one of us is asked to do this: together we implement projects successfully and in partnership and grow with new tasks. Together we create great things.
 In Germany, STRABAG AG is the market leader in traffic route construction and offers all services for this - from digital planning to the extraction and production of building materials, the construction of projects to maintenance and upkeep through its own road maintenance services. We look forward to receiving your application!


Tasks

Responsible management of construction projects in bridge construction within a team of experts
Implementation of work preparation as well as scheduling and control
Personnel deployment planning and management as well as coordination of subcontractors
Material and equipment requirement
Participation in the construction site result control

qualifications

Completed degree in civil engineering or comparable training
Experience in a comparable position is an advantage
Knowledge of MS Office and a billing and calculation program (ideally iTWO/ARRIBA)
Negotiation skills and assertiveness
Team spirit and an independent, committed and result-oriented way of working round off your profile.



We offer

                                                                              You will be integrated into our team from day one and will receive extensive support during your induction. Mixed-age teams with a great deal of know-how, an open management culture characterized by feedback, in which your achievements are recognized and valued, as well as further training measures that promote competence through our in-house academy are a matter of course. With us, all paths are open to you. You will have the unique opportunity to benefit from the diverse experience of a globally active group. If you are interested, please use the online form to send us your complete and meaningful application documents, stating your earliest possible starting date.


Contact

                          STRABAG AG
                          Christiane Zulch
                          Am Weinberg 41, 36251 Bad Hersfeld/Germany
                          +49 6621 162-602
www.strabag.de	site manager	None	2023-03-07 16:03:15.097000
