7999	10604	Site Manager System Gastronomy (m/f/d)	Customer service and gastronomy are your passion and you are looking for an exciting challenge! Then you are exactly right with us! With more than 12,000 employees, we and our franchise partners ensure the well-being of around 500 million travelers throughout Germany every day and around the clock. Because with more than 400 locations, we are the leading provider of gastronomy, retail and hotel business on the German motorways. For you, this means: a wide range of opportunities and varied tasks in a strong team. Benefit from the security of a large franchise system and enjoy the good feeling of giving hundreds of people the perfect break every day. Secure your job with a future in the Autobahn team. You are a born leader and looking for an exciting challenge! Then you are exactly right with us! Your tasks: You will actively promote sales by constantly optimizing gastronomic services Your commitment to budget and forecast preparation is in demand You will take over personnel deployment planning/holiday planning and the creation of duty rosters You will guide the employees to comply with legal requirements and distribute tasks to In You are responsible for the economic success and the satisfaction of your employees and guests at the rest stop. Your profile: You have gastronomic/commercial training or many years of experience in gastronomy. You have also been able to gain initial management experience. Handling MS Office programs is in your blood Working with people and numbers rounds off your profile. Our offer: We offer you a permanent employment contract with a non-tariff salary. You can look forward to varied tasks in direct customer contact. Our variety of modules at the location is your responsibility: Segafredo coffee bar, Burger King and many more more Individual further training opportunities round off our offer Working hours: Late shift, day shift Special payments: Additional payments Training: Apprenticeship/training (desirable) Work experience: Branch management: 1 year (desirable) Retail: 1 year (desirable) Language: German (desirable)	Branch manager	None	2023-03-07 16:06:57.239000
