5917	8522	Skilled workers in road construction and civil engineering (f/m/d)	Your future. Our construction site. Working at Schnor Pfeil Rhein-Main is a challenge with prospects: We belong to a medium-sized group of companies with around 800 employees and have specialized in air traffic areas, railway and infrastructure construction. We offer our customers first-class construction services - we are excellently positioned for this with highly qualified staff, modern equipment, our own quarry operations, asphalt mixing plants and traffic safety systems. WE HAVE BIG PLANS. YOU TOO? THEN STRENGTHEN OUR TEAM IMMEDIATELY AS A SPECIALIST IN ROAD AND CIVIL ENGINEERING (F/M/D) Your tasks: You will carry out standard industry activities in road, canal or civil engineering. You operate the machines, equipment and vehicles customary on the construction site. Your profile: You have completed vocational training in road, canal and/or civil engineering or in another building trade. You have several years of professional experience in the construction industry, ideally in civil engineering or traffic route construction. You have knowledge of how to operate construction machinery and small equipment. You have a category B driver's license, ideally also a truck driver's license. You are responsible, independent and enjoy working in a team. We offer: highly complex construction projects and responsible tasks in an appreciative working environment flat hierarchies and short decision-making paths an innovative working environment with the latest equipment technology open discussion culture and collegial environment personal and professional development according to your individual needs early end of work on Friday regular team events attractive salary with performance-related special payments above the collective agreement Please apply directly via our homepage or via email to contact: Schnorpfeil Rhein-Main GmbH & Co. KG Waldecker Straße 11 64546 Mörfelden-Walldorf Simone Lindner Telephone: 06105-27 66 152 Dazu@schnor Pfeil.com www.schnor Pfeil-rhein-main.com © 2023 Stellenonline.de AG – Imprint – Data protection	Construction and project clerk	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.012000
