8224	10829	Social Media Manager (m/w/d)	Our family-run ****S Hotel EDELWEISS Berchtesgaden is located in the middle of a vibrant pedestrian zone. Our 129 comfort rooms and 4 restaurants promise relaxing days of enjoyment for the whole family. The highlight is the PANORAMA restaurant and the 2000 m² wellness area with a view over the roofs of Berchtesgaden. Our team currently consists of 150 employees. THE EDELWEISS Salzburg Mountain Resort and the Hotel EDELWEISS Berchtesgaden have been among the leading establishments in the Alps for decades. With innovation, empowerment and enthusiasm for quality-oriented service, our EDELWEISS teams with around 350 employees and more than 10 outlets set new standards every day. Our marketing team is responsible for international marketing ? in online and offline media ? our rooms, 8 restaurants and SPA areas, which total more than 8,500 m². From the five-star hotel in the Salzburg mountains to the perfect place to relax at the Königssee in Berchtesgaden and close to the city of Salzburg, we offer something unique not only for the guest, but also for our employees! Become part of the EDELWEISS success story and shape the future together with us as a future SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER (m/f/d) LOCATION: (Main location of the headquarters for both hotels in Salzburg/Anif. Hotel locations in Grossarl and Berchtesgaden.) You are in this position Reporting directly to the Head of Marketing and working alongside him and the Central Marketing Team. Your personal field of activity as a social media manager: Independent production and processing of digital, multimedia content (text, photo, video) for our social media channels Independent support and further development of our online channels, community management and content creation for our brand on our social media channels Evaluation and analysis of the content Contribution of your own creativity in the creation of new social media campaigns Proactive participation in the annual marketing planning of the two hotels Regular on-site presence in our two hotels in Grossarl and Berchtesgaden (pool car is available) Yours Personal requirements as an applicant: You are a digital native and a creative personality for whom social media and new technologies are an absolute passion Very good technical knowledge of all social media tools Marketing as a whole is of interest to you and your view goes beyond the box Very much Good understanding of images, text security and storytelling skills You have experience in dealing with social media and can show us examples of your work and your successes High willingness to develop further You are interested and enjoy working in the luxury hotel industry Very good knowledge of German and English Word and writing You bring ideas proactively and can design them yourself You love to work flexibly and location-independent and you can organize yourself well   Your personal added value as a team member: Innovative family company with a history in the third generation, which always innovates in structural terms but also in Service Optimization is looking for Working in a dynamic and motivated team Free meals 24 hours a day, 7 days a week Free childcare Fair pay based on your experience and personal qualifications Living in the nearby staff building (5 minutes' walk), including a kitchenette and balcony Support in individual training and further education Use of the entire EDELWEISS Mountain Spa Up to 50% discount on in-house services in the areas of F&B, beauty, wellness and hairdressing Free participation in the activity program Regular team events and much more   Our aim is to support our employees in their To promote opportunities and resources in the best possible way so that they can develop their full potential with us. We offer an attractive gross annual salary for this position. We are guided by market salaries depending on experience and qualifications. Would you like to become part of our EDELWEISS team and shape our future together with us? Then we look forward to YOUR application to our Head of Human Resources, Ms. Alexandra Neuhold. DAS EDELWEISS Salzburg Mountain Resort Unterbergstrasse 65 5611 Grossarl - Salzburg AUSTRIA Mail: a.neuhold@edelweiss-hotels.com Website: https://www.edelweiss-grossarl.com Hotel EDELWEISS Berchtesgaden Maximilianstrasse 2 83471 Berchtesgaden GERMANY Mail: a.neuhold@ edelweiss-hotels.com Website: https://www.edelweiss-berchtesgaden.com	Social-Media-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:24.812000
