7784	10389	Social media intern (*) / working student	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. If you are on Instagram and Co. every day and love fresh food, then you have come to the right place. Strengthen our marketing service area in our Corporate Service Center in Mannheim. Social media intern (*) / working student Office: Mannheim part-time (20h) (flexible working hours) Job number: 6800-22-5425 Appetizer ... and what you bring with you University degree in economics, media or communication sciences Interested in digital Trends and initial experience in the areas of social media and in the editorial area Very good knowledge of MS Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) Food affinity Motivation, teamwork and communication skills, creativity Very good knowledge of German (spoken and written), good knowledge of English desirable Main course . .. and what to expect Responsible for our company's social media appearances Development of social media strategies and media plans Independent topic research and editorial planning as well as creative development of content ideas for our company profiles Creation of target group-specific content in particular for Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn Supporting our restaurants in the creation, maintenance and content placement of their profiles Observing social media trends and developing ideas on how these can be adapted for us Research, networking and maintaining contacts with internal and external influencers Dessert ... and what we can offer you have A very varied and responsible task in a great team Flexible working hours by arrangement Free amenities such as cold and hot drinks, fresh fruit... Fair and reasonable remuneration, subsidy to company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A hundred percent family business with Tradition, fast growing with over 125 restaurants, around 90 million ? turnover and more than 1,500 committed fresh produce producers Excellent development opportunities - we challenge and encourage our employees And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Business Manager, Lisa M. Lindner, will be happy to answer your first questions on Tel. 0621-30600-688 or karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the "Diversity Charter".	Social-Media-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:30.707000
