7016	9621	Social worker, nursing assistant, everyday helper	The Arbeiterwohlfahrt sub-district Münsterland-Recklinghausen is a carrier of free welfare. With around 7,000 honorary members and 3,000 full-time employees, we provide social services in the areas of senior and disabled support, child, youth and family support as well as in the area of ​​migration and active labor market policy. The residences in Dorsten, Gladbeck, Herten, Marl and Rheine offer people with disabilities or mental illness a home. A day structure is attached to some of the residences. This supports the development of professional perspectives. Individuality and self-determination of the users have a high priority. The work is based on the Federal Participation Act. Participation and self-determination are essential guidelines for our work with users. Needs-oriented, individual assistance for people with disabilities in their everyday life, creation and implementation of individual participation planning with BEI_NRW, electronic documentation and reporting with the help of ICF, guidance and promotion or assumption of practical life activities, implementation of basic and treatment care, guidance of supplementary workers. Scope of hours: 7.0 hours per week. Ideally, professional experience in housing and integration assistance, enjoyment of working with people, openness, empathy, resilience and a high sense of responsibility, teamwork and communication skills, ability to organize yourself and work in a structured way, IT and ICF knowledge, commitment and acting according to the AWO guiding principles. Working with a dedicated, multi-professional team, collective wages according to the TV AWO NRW, capital-forming benefits, annual special payment, additional company benefits, corporate benefits, bicycle leasing via BusinessBike, binding management model, professional induction and reliable support with relevant questions, further and further training, supervision. Remuneration is based on TV AWO NRW salary group 2.	social worker	None	2023-03-07 16:04:56.707000
