6066	8671	Software Developer:in Anywhere You Want Job	Software developer in direct entry, Academic professional Software developer in Where you want-Job Start date immediately SIGNON Deutschland GmbH Informatik Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 206396 Job Ref. 179976 2 Job description We are looking for you as a software developer in (f/m/d) for SIGNON Deutschland GmbH in Berlin, Dresden, Hamburg or Munich as soon as possible. This is a Where you want job. In coordination with your manager, you can arrange your place of work yourself within Germany and choose between mobile work and work in the office. Your tasks As part of your new job, you will develop software components both independently and in a team. Depending on your experience and preferences, you will primarily focus on front and/or backend development. You will support the creation of technical documents. You will model software designs and Algorithms In addition, you support the creation of effort estimates for the implementation of requirements Within your role, you are responsible for programming software components and performing unit tests. You analyze and fix software errors and support you in performing static and dynamic code analyzes Your profile You have successfully completed your studies in (business) computer science or a comparable field or you can demonstrate comparable training (e.g. as an IT specialist in) You have sound experience in the field of software development With regard to the backend, you are proficient in Java, optionally C or C and you have already worked with the Spring Framework. Furthermore, GitLab, Continuous Deployment and Continuous Integration are no strangers to you. In the frontend area you are familiar with web technologies, in particular with JavaScript and the React framework and you have experience in the design of user interfaces You count an independent, analytical and structured way of working as well as a high quality awareness among your strengths. You like to help shape your working environment and you actively influence the team and its working methods. You enjoy working in an agile team and also want to be part of it to network your colleagues across locations Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process online very easily.	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:03:00.439000
