3500	6105	Software Developer - Mobile Apps, Android, Kotlin (m/f/d)	In addition to a great team of more than 10,000 nice colleagues and over 770 different job profiles, experienced professionals and newcomers will find many attractive challenges that modern insurance faces: Will the car of the future cause fewer accidents? What will retirement provision look like when everyone turns 100? We deal with the questions of tomorrow - for a needs-based protection of our more than 12 million customers - at our headquarters in Coburg in Upper Franconia as well as at our 38 branch offices in the office and in the field.
Android App Developer:in

Full-time, immediately in Coburg, unlimited
Conception, implementation and support of natively developed apps
Implementation of intuitive user interfaces together with UX/UI experts
Collaboration in an agile development process and cross-functional teams
Close cooperation with backend developers, subject matter experts, agile managers (f/m/d) and the DSO (f/m/d) Driven Development and Pair programming and the programming languages ​​Java and HTML
Creative freedom, independent action and teamwork
Carrying out mutual code reviews and cooperative coding
Exchange, continuous development and training opportunities within a community of practice
 
Completed degree in (business) informatics or equivalent training
Several years of experience in native app development for the Android platform using Android Studio
Very good knowledge of the programming language Kotlin
Experience with client-server technologies (REST / JSON)
Good knowledge of standards and protocols such as e.g. HTTP(S), OAuth 2.0
Experience with TDD (unit test / UI testing), continuous integration and agile development methods (Scrum)
Service-oriented attitude, quick grasp of complex processes, assertiveness and commitment
 

Flexible working: For us, flexible working means that you adapt your working hours to your circumstances. There is no core or minimum working time with us. Instead, you perform your workload within a defined working time frame - adjusted to local requirements if necessary. Thanks to mobile work, under certain conditions even up to half of the monthly working time from home or on the go.

Family-friendly work: We value an optimal work-life balance. For us, this includes support with childcare and holiday care as well as caring for relatives, as well as the opportunity to take on a part-time management position. Since 2007, the berufundfamilie audit has distinguished us as a family-friendly employer.

Result-oriented remuneration: In addition to your twelve monthly salaries, you will receive two special payments each year. And so that performance is also worthwhile, you will take part in performance- and result-oriented remuneration, with the chance of receiving more than one additional monthly salary. Your many years of loyalty to the company will also pay off: you will receive an anniversary payment, graduated according to your length of service.

Lifelong learning: Anyone working on the future must not remain stuck in the past. So that you are always up to date, we support your professional training measures - internally and externally. However, not only the acquisition of company or job-specific qualifications is the focus of our further training measures, but also the private promotion of individually desired skills - e.g. B. language courses, driving safety training and much more.

Healthy work: Keep yourself fit and healthy. We support you with free sports offers in our company sports facilities or a subsidy for your membership in a fitness studio. Particularly active employees can take part in various HUK sports groups in their free time.	software developer	None	2023-03-07 15:57:43.783000
