6044	8649	Solution architect for cross-project topics with Fo	Solution Architect in for cross-project topics with a focus on IT infrastructure Academic Professional Solution Architect in for cross-project topics with a focus on IT infrastructure Where you want job Start date immediately DB Systel GmbH IT full-time/part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 193841 Job Ref. 168773 2 Job description In this exciting environment, as a solution architect, you are responsible for cross-project topics with a focus on IT infrastructure for the design and implementation of the strategy for the IT architecture and IT development. You work closely with the Group, specialist and regional departments as well as our service providers and ensure professional architecture management. You contribute to the further development and implementation of digital roadmaps within customer-oriented projects and DB business areas, as well as raising the digital transformation to a new level through concrete architectural concepts and measures. As soon as possible we are looking for you as a solution architect for cross-project topics with a focus on IT infrastructure (f/m/d) for DB Systel at the Berlin, Erfurt or Frankfurt (Main) locations. You can choose to work mostly remotely or from one of our office locations. Your tasks Your tasks include advising the specialist departments on feasibility and implementation options. You are responsible for the design and implementation of a future-proof IT architecture and further development of the IT target image. You design the rough software architecture for the solution and integration into the IT landscape and are involved in the selection of a suitable and most suitable technology. You play a central role in considering requirements and guidelines for operational stability, security and quality. Your tasks include supporting the system development throughout the life cycle and future updates of the solution move in the area of ​​strategic setting Your profile You have a degree in (business) computer science, (business) engineering or in a comparable subject with an IT focus In addition, you are characterized by extensive knowledge of software engineering and current solution technologies and have several years of consulting experience in software architecture In the field of enterprise architecture, you have initial knowledge and are interested in the business areas of Deutsche Bahn and the technologies used there Proven experience in technical management, ideally also in an agile environment (e.g. SCRUM, SAFe) you also bring with you You bring fluent German language skills with you, you have a high degree of customer orientation, good moderation skills and persuasiveness Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	architect	None	2023-03-07 16:02:57.711000
