7526	10131	Sous-chef (m|w|d) central kitchen	Europa-Park In the heart of Europe, between the Black Forest and the Vosges, lies one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world. Over 5 million visitors from all nations come every season to be inspired by over one hundred attractions and shows. The innovative European theme concept, the largest connected hotel resort in Germany, decorations adapted to the seasons and a large number of varied and colorful events make Europa-Park an unmistakable and unique short holiday destination all year round. We invite you to take a look behind the scenes of our company on this company page. Discover the numerous facets that make this unique product what it is: one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world! Are you hospitable from the heart? Would you like to be part of a world full of joie de vivre? Then do not hesitate ? enter the realm of countless opportunities and shape your career in a place full of passion! For our culinary department of park gastronomy we are looking for you as a sous-chef (m|f|d) central kitchen   Your area of ​​responsibility Not only operationally, but also administratively, you will lead our team in the central kitchen and the staff canteens in cooperation with the chef de cuisine Whether catering, staff catering or production for our outlets in Rulantica and Europa-Park, you constantly monitor, control and optimize the work processes in the entire kitchen area, from ordering the goods to writing and developing menu offers, recipes and menus, creating calculations, discussing the duty rosters , through to implementation in the operational process flow, you are largely responsible for smooth implementation. Compliance with applicable hygiene regulations and safety guidelines is a matter of course for you. You also ensure the proper storage of the goods in accordance with HACCP You always have an eye on the qualitative and business standards and specifications and implement them continuously The early bird catches the worm; Your shift always starts at 6:30 in the morning You are a motivator and like to familiarize new employees with their areas of responsibility and tasks. You are a leader and use this strength sensibly in your daily work. Your profile You have completed vocational training as a chef (m|f|d) and have the relevant professional experience. Ideally, you have already gained initial experience as a sous-chef in production or in canteen kitchens Team-oriented leadership is the management tool of your choice Due to the administrative tasks, you are comfortable using the MS Office package and industry-specific software Your organizational talent is combined with performance and Willingness to learn to form a perfect ensemble for this job We offer you a future-proof job with demanding, varied tasks performance-based payment; You can also rely on being paid for overtime including Sunday and public holiday bonuses Long-term employment with the opportunity to develop yourself with our company and develop yourself professionally and personally A wealth of great benefits and additional offers at Europa-Park and at our cooperation partners An in-house academy that offers you a wide range of further training options	Sous-Chef/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:59.063000
