7997	10602	Souschef (m/f/d) deputy head chef	Working in an international environment with global opportunities for further training - that's what we stand for. The Stuttgart Marriott Hotel Sindelfingen belongs to the Marriott International, Inc. group. With over 8,000 hotels worldwide and 30 recognized hotel brands in 131 countries, we are constantly growing. Become a part of the completely redesigned Stuttgart Marriott Hotel Sindelfingen - with 260 rooms and a master suite in a classically elegant design as well as 9 modernized and daylight-flooded meeting rooms for up to 350 people, the hotel in Sindelfingen is one of the most important business hotels in the Stuttgart area. "World-class service isn't just about a building. It's about people - our brilliant hosts." Mr. Bill Marriott - First Host and General Manager As an excellent chef with passion and dedication to your job, are you looking for a new challenge and want to spoil our guests with a variety of culinary delights? We look forward to meeting you! We are looking for a new junior sous chef (m/f/d), effective immediately or by agreement. What we would like from you: Completed cooking training and several years of professional experience in various positions in the kitchens of the upscale hotel industry, experience in managing employees and trainees Passion and enthusiasm for the hotel and catering industry Ability to work in a team, flexibility, resilience and a clean appearance Good English and computer skills These are your tasks: Support and representation of the chef with all associated tasks such as B. Shared responsibility for a smooth organization and workflow in the entire kitchen area as well as active cooking on all items Compliance with the hygiene regulation and other legal provisions Checking the inventory for proper storage and rotation Participation in test meals and sales talks as well as their preparation and follow-up Carrying out daily Meetings and training We offer you: Working in a professional and creative team Diverse training, development and advancement opportunities Varied activities in our breakfast, banquet and a la carte kitchen and the opportunity to realize your own ideas A pleasant working atmosphere as well Attractive additional benefits Annual salary increases Holiday and Christmas bonuses in accordance with the general collective agreement Meals in the in-house staff restaurant "Meet & Eat" Discounts on local public transport All the advantages of an international hotel chain with over 7,000 hotels worldwide Contact Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete online application. Simply click on "Apply online now". All job vacancies worldwide and more information about a career at Marriott can be found at: www.marriott.de/careers You can also contact us at: www.facebook.com/marriottjobsandcareers www.twitter.com/marriottcareers www.linkedin .com/company/marriott-international   Marriott International is committed to being an inclusive company culture and hiring people from diverse backgrounds. TO THE JOURNEY...	Sous-Chef/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:56.977000
