8409	11014	Sous Chef (m/w/d)	INFINITY is one of the largest conference resorts in Europe! Become part of an ambitious team and an exciting constellation of hotel and gastronomy, event location and SPA experience. From down-to-earth regionality and fine cuisine. From ?home? and ?wide world?. You can look forward to an environment that is characterized by personal appreciation, individual perspectives and a wide range of opportunities for further training. Welcome to a team that stands for a lot of team spirit and mutual support, from colleagues to owners. Welcome to INFINITY! This is how we inspire you: Really good teamwork Great cooperation at eye level at all levels Privately run hotel with room for individuality and ideas Permanent employment contract Payment above the collective agreement Anniversary bonus Individual company pension scheme above the collective agreement Capital-forming benefits Meals in our canteen Free parking spaces Structured training in your individual tasks Adapted further training opportunities Versatile development and advancement opportunities at all levels Accommodation possible Employee discounts on hotel services, also for Family&Friends employee events This will inspire us: After successfully completing your vocational training, you will have at least 3-5 years of professional experience in the banqueting and รก la carte area. Ideally, you already have a worked as a sous chef in a similar company You are a resilient team player, an exemplary motivator and are happy to pass on your knowledge to your colleagues in the form of training courses You have experience in the introduction, implementation and control of standards and processes You have very good knowledge of the Kitchen hygiene / HACCP Experience in creating calculations and offers is desirable Very good German and English skills, both spoken and written, are a matter of course for you. Above all, you are an enthusiastic, reliable cook with heart and soul, have a positive, well-groomed appearance, and think cost-consciously and quality-oriented and always keep a cool head even in hot phases? Then you have come to the right place! Secure all the advantages that we have to offer you now and reserve your place in the team - with your application! We look forward to receiving your application! Please send us your complete application documents (cover letter, curriculum vitae, most recent job references and diplomas) including salary expectations and indication of the earliest possible starting date!	Sous-Chef/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.486000
