7908	10513	Spa Receptionist (m/f/d)	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, you will become a part of us! You have: Strong interest in the wellness area and the hotel industry Cordial, friendly and helpful personality Cultivated manners with charm and flexibility Good feeling for the wishes of our demanding guests High sense of responsibility, organizational talent and team spirit Very good knowledge of German, both spoken and written, as well as good knowledge of English Your tasks: Welcoming, caring for and advising guests in the spa area Processing all telephone and email inquiries Scheduling applications as well as invoicing and billing Active product sales Checking the operational functionality of the entire spa area Ensuring general order, safety, cleanliness and hygiene Maintenance of the cash register system Product orders Support in the creation of new offers and sales campaigns in cooperation with the spa manager We offer you: An open-ended employment contract A 5-day week working time account with the possibility of compensation Family working atmosphere with motivated and helpful colleagues Honesty and a high degree of respect Personal development and further training Generous catering in our Spezlstubn Relaxation during breaks in our modern employee lounge Employee benefits in-house Regular regulars’ table outside Corporate benefits (cross-industry benefits) Inexpensive staff accommodation (subject to availability) Free employee parking spaces (subject to availability) We look forward to yours Application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de.	Wellnessmanager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:46.034000
