7222	9827	Spa Receptionist	We are looking for a full-time spa receptionist (m/f/d) to strengthen our team. YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY A friendly welcome for our national and international guests in our wellness oases "Refugium" and "Atmosphere". Proactive support and advice on all questions relating to wellness and spa. Sale of treatments and products and related professional advice to our spa guests. Active measures to achieve sales. Upselling ancillary services. Ordering in consultation with the spa management. Arranging appointments for our (cosmetic) treatments and massages and entering them in the booking system. Creation of duty rosters for employees in the spa area. Arranging appointments for our (cosmetic) treatments and massages and entering them in the booking system. Classification of masseurs, beauticians and fitness trainers, arranging appointments for our (cosmetic) treatments and massages and recording them in the. booking system. Compliance and monitoring of our strict quality standards. Dealing with complaints and guest complaints. WHAT DO YOU BRING Demonstrable professional experience in a comparable position and management experience. Specialist training in tourism. First aid training an advantage. Communicative and open demeanor. Guest and service-oriented thinking and acting. Enjoying contact with guests in the luxury hotel industry. Well-groomed appearance and excellent manners. very good ability to express yourself in German and English. WE OFFER YOU FOR THIS Open-ended contract with 14 monthly salaries (aliquot according to KV) in a year-round operation with the willingness to overpay. 5-day week. Daily free fresh full board also on days off. Inexpensive staff accommodation in one of our staff retreats. Free child care during the holidays or permanently. Diverse discounts on the mountain railways & various cooperation partners. Generous hotel discounts for your family members. Free use of the modern wellness and fitness area. Training opportunities and personal development opportunities. perfect leisure activities in the Salzburger Land region. Provision of your high-quality service clothing. "Bring a friend" rewards. If you would like to write the future together with us, we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application. Please refer your application to career account, many	Wellnessberater/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:21.975000
