7293	9898	SPA receptionist (m/f/d) summer 2023	Welcome to the STOCK team... We will strengthen our team with a SPA receptionist (m/f/d) from May 15th, 2023 or by arrangement. Your tasks Active guest care and advice. appointment coordination. Active product sales. Active cross selling. Working with the SPA software TAC and the hotel program Protel. telephone service. Support and advice for our guests on the treatments offered in the STOCK DIAMOND SPA. Jointly responsible for the implementation of the SPA concept and for cleanliness, safety and hygiene in the entire SPA area. Your profile Sociable, enjoy dealing with guests. Good communication skills. Open-minded and willing to learn. Well-groomed demeanor and appearance. enthusiasm and motivation. Team-oriented thinking. Knowledge of foreign languages ​​an advantage. Completed training in the field of cosmetics or massage would be an advantage. Professional and specialist experience in a comparable position and in a similar hotel category would be an advantage. Your benefits Secure job in a modern, family-run company with the "Employer of the Year" award. 13th and 14th monthly salary. Regulated working hours with a 5-day week & digital time recording. Participation in the roster through roster requests. No other living expenses due to the free meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner, as well as coffee and cake). Unique staff lodge with rooftop pool, sauna, infrared cabin, gym, gambling room, free WiFi access. Top modern rooms and apartments with private bathrooms, TV, cooking facilities, terrace or balcony. Targeted introduction and training through our on-boarding system. Personal training voucher worth € 400 per year. An attractive location where you can combine work and leisure. 20% discount on all products and services in the house. 50% discount on overnight stays in all member hotels of the Best Alpine Wellness Hotels. STOCK TEAM Bonus Card with many advantages and discounts throughout the Zillertal. Free charging facilities for electric vehicles. Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to your application to: STOCK*****s resort, Dorf 142, 6292 Finkenberg or by e-mail to	Wellnessberater/in	None	2023-03-07 16:05:30.618000
