6031	8636	Speaker: in communication passenger stations & security, Pot	Academic Professional Consultant in Communication Passenger Stations & Security Potsdamer Straße 8, 10785 Berlin Start date immediately Deutsche Bahn AG Marketing and Communication, Commercial Professions Full-time/Part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 208182 Job Ref. 180301 2 Job description As soon as possible, we are looking for you as a communications officer for passenger stations and security (f/m/d) for Deutsche Bahn AG in Berlin. Your tasks Together with us, you will ensure the uniform and customer-oriented public image of the DB Group. You will also support us in the media support of various security topics of the DB Group. You will be responsible for the development, implementation and updating of concepts for external communication and also prepare topics for internal communication. The planning and implementation of press events, such as interviews, press conferences and Press trips are part of your daily business. The core of your work is the creation of press information, topic services, language regulations, answering press inquiries and other media support activities. But your tasks also include editorial work on topics relating to the passenger stations for internal and external publications. You also prepare the topics relating to the passenger stations for display on the social media channels. Your profile You have successfully completed a technical/university degree in the field of communication , economics, political or social sciences or have a comparable education. Alternatively, you have acquired comparable knowledge and skills through many years of experience in the area of ​​responsibility. You have relevant professional experience in press and public relations, preferably as a press spokesman. Ideally, you are familiar with the structures and processes of a large corporation. Well-founded knowledge of the media industry and experience in crisis communication round off your profile. Your confident demeanor and good communication skills give you the talent to convince and inspire people. You always find the right words, even under great time pressure, and orientate yourself quickly and flexibly the range of topics at the passenger stations and the DB Group You like to work proactively and feel responsible for your topics. You are characterized by a high level of resilience, assertiveness, reliability and team spirit. You are able to network quickly within the organization in order to fall back on solid contacts. Comprehensive MS Office knowledge in the standard programs and very good English skills are a matter of course for you. Your contact Brownish , Doris Your application Now simply start the application process online.	PR Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:02:56.111000
