6081	8686	Speaker: in Digitization Construction Planning - PAULA / La-	Consultant in digitization of construction planning - PAULA / La-Portal Direct entry, specialist, academic professional Consultant in digitization of construction planning - PAULA / La-Portal Where you want job start date immediately DB Netz AG transport infrastructure, operation & maintenance, transport professions, engineering full-time / part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 203400 Job Ref. 177316 2 Job description We are looking for you as a consultant in digitization construction planning - PAULA / La-Portal (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Frankfurt (Main) location as soon as possible. This is a Where you want job. In coordination with your manager, you can arrange your place of work yourself within Germany and choose between mobile work and work in the office. Your tasks The core of your work is the technical management of IT processes in construction management. You develop and coordinate technical requirements for IT processes in construction management. Your tasks also include supporting and advising users. You also analyze the standard processes and further developments in procedures and process sequences and manage process and IT innovations, taking developments in research and development into account Finally, you create decision templates and develop information and presentation documents for top management and other relevant bodies, among others. Your profile You have successfully completed a technical/university degree in the field Civil or industrial engineering, transport geography, transport science or a comparable qualification (preferably with a focus on railways or operations, e.g. specialist for railway operations) or many years of professional experience in dealing with the IT system PAULA You can show initial professional experience in technical management. Knowledge of construction management planning, especially in the context of speed restrictions, is an advantage You enjoy IT topics and ideally already have knowledge of the IT system PAULA You bring strong analytical and conceptual skills, a high IT affinity and problem-solving skills as well as a precise way of working Your strengths include a great deal of initiative, willingness to perform, resilience and communication skills. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	PR Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:03:02.277000
