6079	8684	Speaker: in vehicle technology for multiple units and locomotives, pioneers	Consultant in Vehicle Technology for Multiple Units and Locomotives Academic Professional Consultant in Vehicle Technology for Multiple Units and Locomotives Pionierstraße, 10, 32423 Minden Start date immediately DB Systemtechnik GmbH Engineering Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 203552 Job Ref. 177461 2 Job description We are looking for you as a consultant in vehicle technology for multiple units and locomotives (f/m/d) for DB Systemtechnik GmbH at the Minden location as soon as possible. Your tasks You carry out the technical support of the measuring multiple units and locomotive fleet in cooperation with vehicle owners and vehicle maintenance managers. You ensure the availability and reliability of the vehicles, the operational troubleshooting is part of your area of ​​responsibility. You are the technical contact person for the users as well as the maintenance staff of our multiple units and bring your knowledge to bear in maintenance, conversion and modernization. Together with the maintenance managers, you prepare work to be carried out in the workshops, accompany them and carry out final function and quality controls. You plan and place orders for materials and spare parts and initiate them and control the allocation and billing You keep the entire documentation for the vehicles up to date You enter and maintain vehicle data in SAP ISI Your profile You have a university degree as an engineer You have several years of professional experience in the railway environment You have extensive knowledge of rail vehicle technology and vehicle maintenance of the ICE fleet and the VT 612 series Experience in the areas of environmental protection, occupational safety and health protection is an advantage You are characterized by your ability to work in a team, your assertiveness and your organizational talent A high degree of commitment , reliability and communication skills round off your profile. You are not averse to business trips. Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now simply start the application process online.	PR Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:03:02.033000
