8283	10888	Specialist for pool operations / lifeguard (m/f/d)	When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of comfortable beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of cozy beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You oversee the bathing world, the sauna house and ensure smooth operation in our seaside resort. A new towel or a plaster? No problem for you. You enjoy hosting and making sure our guests are safe and relaxed. You regularly take a look in our showers and changing rooms: It should be tidy and clean. Sauna infusions inspire you just as much as we do? Perfect! With our changing infusion program there is no boredom. There should also be no lack of fun and animation. Our Kids Time and Aqua Fitness courses are also part of your duties. We would be happy to learn from you. You want an extra challenge? As a trained specialist for pool operations, you will also take on the task of imparting your specialist knowledge to our trainees. The training certificate can be obtained from us. What you bring with you: Completed training as a specialist for swimming pool operations (m/f/d) or lifeguard bronze (not older than 2 years) is an advantage Willingness to carry out lifeguard training immediately after starting work (at our expense) A positive charisma and Enthusiasm that you can convey to our guests, your colleagues and our trainees First aid certificate (not mandatory, can be made up for with us) A competent and cordial appearance A sincere guest and service orientation Ability to communicate and work in a team We offer you: A permanent employment contract : We want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement 5-day week with detailed time recording # We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 20% on the local transport ticket monthly Holiday discounts for you, your family and Friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for Dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date Want to see something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Warnem端nde Zur Promenade 2 18119 Rostock-Warnem端nde Ms. Carmen Radermacher Personnel Coordinator +49 (0) 381 - 202 71 2556 personal.warnemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	Specialist for pool operations	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.005000
