7040	9645	Specialist in social services, specialist coordinator in social services	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. The Ernst-und-Berta-Grimmke-Haus is a care and counseling center in Lörick on the left bank of the Rhine with a total of 105 inpatient places, 16 short-term care places, 14 day care places and a residential community with 9 places for older people with multiple disabilities. The clientele to be looked after is made up of residents who are predominantly in need of severe to extremely severe care and who have changed dementia. For our Ernst-und-Berta-Grimmke-Haus facility, we are looking for a head of social services (m/f/d) with a lot of creative enthusiasm and vision for 29.25 hours per week. If desired, the position can be increased to full-time. Promoting and maintaining the quality of life of our residents Carrying out individual and group tasks Care planning, documentation and evaluation of our offers Social administration Organization of seasonal festivals and celebrations Participation in the further development and improvement of concepts for the care of our residents Organization of excursions and vacation trips Participation in projects - and working groups Ensuring our quality standards Willingness to work on weekends A completed training as an occupational therapist, educator, a degree in social work Experience as a manager or representative An appreciative attitude towards people with disabilities Knowledge / experience in social-psychiatric care work Communication strength and empathy Willingness to work in the early evening hours or at the weekend Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus an annual bonus Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Cheaper on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket A committed, appreciative and open team Secure, permanent employment in a growing Social enterprise One apprenticeship – many opportunities to work within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many perspectives You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: social and care advice Living values: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled	Caregiver / everyday companion	None	2023-03-07 16:04:59.637000
