6004	8609	Specialist Solution Architect Customer Front Ends (f/m/d), Wo D	Specialist Solution Architect Customer Frontends (f/m/d) Academic Professional Specialist Specialist Solution Architect Customer Frontends (f/m/d) Where you want job Start date Immediately DB Vertrieb GmbH Informatik Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 187214 Job Ref. 162412 2 Job Description We work on an agile scale (according to SAFe) with over 30 interdisciplinary development teams and a state-of-the-art technology stack (Java, Kotlin, Swift, 100 Cloud with Kubernetes, Microservices, CI/ CD, test automation), offer flexible working hours, interesting Benefits, a modern office world in Frankfurt am Main as well as a wide range of opportunities for remote work. Why else, according to www.arbeitgeber-ranking.de, we are one of the top 30 employers in Germany for the IT sector We would be happy to tell you in a personal conversation. We look forward to seeing you. We are looking for you as a specialist solution architect customer front ends (f/m/d) for DB Vertrieb GmbH in Frankfurt (Main) as soon as possible. This is a Where you want job. In coordination with your manager, you can arrange your place of work yourself within Germany and choose between mobile work and work in the office. Your tasks As a Solution Architect (f/m/d), you are the innovator and designer in the conception and introduction of a new and innovative sales platform for passenger transport. You design architectural solutions for technical tasks in cooperation with the departments, the overarching Enterprise and Solution Architects and accompany their implementation with the development teams For the Agile Release Train customer frontends, you are the central contact person for all architectural issues, form the bridge to integration into the overarching platform architecture and are supported by the technology specialists of the respective frontends (Responsive Web, Android and iOS Apps, B2B Partner API, CMS) You provide organizational and advisory services, in part also controlling, at the release train level to ensure that the implementation of technical requirements leads to a sustainable and maintainable solution. You are responsible for the implementation of all architecture processes , coordinate architecture-relevant tasks in the release train and also work on the continuous improvement of the agile delivery organization Your profile The basis of your career is a successfully completed technical/university degree in (business) computer science in or an equivalent subject with an IT focus You have several years of experience Experience in the design of IT architectures, ideally based on previous activities in software development Frontends and middleware You have analytical skills, experience and creativity to design simple, robust and sustainable solutions for complex technical tasks. Structured, goal- and result-oriented action as well as strong organizational and communication skills complete your profile. Your contact	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:02:52.797000
