6077	8682	Specialist buyer: in infrastructure, where you want job	Specialist purchaser in infrastructure Direct entry, academic professional Specialist purchaser in infrastructure Where you want-Job start date immediately Deutsche Bahn AG Commercial professions, purchasing / procurement, engineering Full-time / part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 209640 Job Ref. 181617 2 Job description We are looking for you as a specialist purchaser in infrastructure (f/m/d) for Deutsche Bahn AG at the Frankfurt (Main), Karlsruhe or Stuttgart locations as soon as possible. Your area of ​​responsibility will focus on the procurement of infrastructure services. This is a Where you want job. In coordination with your manager, you can arrange your place of work yourself within Germany and choose between mobile work and work in the office. Your tasks As a specialist buyer in you are responsible for the procurement of extensive infrastructure services, in particular construction work or planning services, according to the principles of the QM system of DB Procurement Infrastructure. You accompany the award process from the tender to the award decision and negotiate contracts and supplements. You also take over the interface function between projects and suppliers, advises internal customers on procurement and contract matters and guides customers safely through the extensive procurement process. This also includes checking technical tender conditions for plausibility, creating tender and award documents and ensuring a well-documented and legally compliant conclusion of contract You carry out supplier evaluations with the aim of quality assurance and supplier development Together with strategic purchasing, you develop a standardized procurement strategy and are involved in To develop and implement solutions and recommendations for action Your profile You have completed a (technical) university degree as a civil engineer, architect, electrical engineer or in a comparable engineering discipline or you have acquired qualifications or knowledge in railway construction-specific activities through many years of comparable work You have professional experience and knowledge of handling construction projects, ideally as a project engineer, planner, site manager or site supervisor with the relevant rules and regulations (e.g. B. public procurement law, HOAI, UVgO, VOB) as well as common IT applications (e.g. MS Office) You are characterized by a high degree of independence and economic understanding, convince by your ability to move confidently in complex subject areas and feel comfortable in the interface between project work and suppliers With your communication and consulting skills you convince our customers and suppliers and conduct informative and negotiation talks confidently You are a team player, actively promote your tasks and can inspire your colleagues for new ideas. Occasional nationwide business trips are not a problem for you. Your contact team, Recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now start the application process easily online.	Technical buyer	None	2023-03-07 16:03:01.787000
