7760	10365	Specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d)	Steinburg Castle is known far beyond the borders of Lower Franconia for its well-founded and high-quality education. It is very important to us to give future gastro professionals the right tools. We are very proud to be a "Fair Job Hotel" and a certified TOP training company of the German Hotel and Restaurant Association (DEHOGA). We are particularly pleased that we have been able to start a new catering profession since August 2022. Specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) Tasks during the training: During the three-year training (starting August 1st) you will work in the following departments: service, buffet, kitchen, conference and event area and event sales. During this time, you will learn all the essentials of everyday hotel, restaurant and event life by attending the vocational school. You will be amazed at how varied this job is. Whether Sunday brunch, the big family meal, the candlelight dinner or the lunch buffet. Every good meal needs a friendly and competent service employee, a beautifully set table and extensive knowledge about food and drinks. An essential part of the training is also to plan and carry out events. The great thing about this training is that the whole world is open to you afterwards and there are many attractive job offers. But we would also be happy if you would like to put your skills to the test with us in the Steinburg at first (or longer) What we offer: Start of training on August 1st (or by arrangement) - Shortenings are possible by arrangement Great trainee salary! 1,000.00 ? in the 1st year of apprenticeship, 1,100.00 ? in the 2nd year of apprenticeship, 1,200.00 ? in the 3rd year of apprenticeship Diversity and variety - no day is like the other A super team of trainees Own social media projects with the latest technology Personal support throughout the entire apprenticeship and a trainee mentor Regular trainee meetings Minute-by-minute recording of time on Christmas Eve and the first Christmas Day is free Employee events and own events such as ?Young (K)nights? and the organization of the internal summer party Many development opportunities and training courses, participation in trade fair appearances The opportunity to sit in on other hotels Good employment opportunities after the training Attractive employee rates in partner hotels and much more? Advantages of a stone citizen This is your profile: Very good knowledge of German and manners. Ideally, knowledge of foreign languages ​​A pleasant and well-groomed appearance Team spirit, fairness, open-mindedness and respect for other people Great passion for working as a host A quick grasp of things Commitment, flexibility, perseverance, discipline and ambition Qualified secondary school certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:27.769000
