278	2883	Specialist (m/f/d) in paediatrics (child and adolescent medicine) I Mecklenburg Lake District	Specialist (m/f/d) in paediatrics (child and adolescent medicine) I attractive environment and conditions

Job ID: 1015

Location: Mecklenburg Lake District

Employment type: Permanent position

Remuneration: Attractive contract conditions

Working time: full time

Description

Our client is a modern, extensively equipped rehabilitation clinic with a motivated team of doctors, nurses and therapists in the fields of urology and oncology, cardiology, orthopedics and transplantation medicine and our own dialysis. In the middle of the Mecklenburg Lake District and yet conveniently located, the clinic offers excellent working conditions (work-life balance) and attractive contract conditions as well as support in finding accommodation.

Your tasks

• Participation in a competence center for the aftercare of child transplants (liver, kidney, lung) that is unique in Germany and is currently being set up.
• Examination, treatment and counseling of patients in the field of inpatient rehabilitation and follow-up treatment

your profile

• Completed specialist training in paediatrics and youth medicine
• Desirable are professional experience and knowledge in the field of rehabilitation and/or social medicine
• Ability to work independently and goal-oriented in a multi-professional team
• Flexibility, commitment and resilience

Have we aroused your interest or do you have further questions?

Then send us an e-mail, call us or apply directly for this position under "Apply now".

If the position does not quite meet your expectations, please let us know what you would like. We have many other job offers that are not registered in the job portal. We would also be happy to actively look for suitable positions for you and will contact you directly if we have any suitable offers.

You can register with us without obligation and send your profile.

Your contact person

Ms. Siiri Schütz

Equal opportunity is not only a legal obligation for job advertisements. The equality of all employees, regardless of gender, origin, age, skin color, ideology, religion, disability or sexual identity is an essential part of the self-image and corporate culture of the employer.
Severely disabled applicants will be given preference if they are equally qualified.	Specialist - child and youth medicine	None	2023-03-07 15:51:06.813000
