3593	6198	Specialist in internal medicine - tuberculosis (m/f/d)	Can you identify with our motto "Stuttgart by profession"? Then you will find ideal development opportunities in the state capital of Stuttgart!

The diversity of our professional fields is also reflected in our diverse staff composition. With us, all applicants are equally valuable and welcome. We also welcome applications from severely disabled and equal opportunities. Part-time work is also possible in full-time positions, unless otherwise stated in the advertisement.
Specialist in tuberculosis (m/f/x)
As of April 1st, 2023, we are looking for a (specialist) doctor for the subject of tuberculosis, HIV and STI consultation hours, in the department of health care, official medical reports at the health department of the state capital Stuttgart. The position is part-time (80%) and permanent, with the possibility of increasing to 100% over time.

Around 16,000 employees shape public life in the state capital of Stuttgart and ensure that everything runs smoothly in the boiler.

The health department with its 240 employees makes a significant contribution to promoting health, preventing diseases from developing, enabling participation and further reducing the inequality of health opportunities. The position in the Tuberculosis team offers an interesting and varied range of medical activities from primary diagnostics, advice, treatment in individual cases, prevention and public health.
They advise and examine tuberculosis patients and those at risk
They carry out measures in accordance with the Infection Protection Act, e.g. investigations and surveillance
You take over active case finding in risk groups, case management for sick people and further develop the monitored treatment
They advise doctors, hospitals and other institutions
in individual cases you treat and examine tuberculosis patients
Independent diagnosis of chest X-rays
radiation protection
You take part in the on-call service of the health department according to the Infection Protection Act
You may act as a substitute in the HIV/STI consultation team
They take over the 2nd medical post-mortem examination before the cremation


A change or addition to the area of ​​responsibility remains reserved.
You are a specialist preferably in the fields of internal medicine, general medicine, public health or radiology, preferably with clinical experience in the fields of pneumology and/or infectiology or
Physician without further training, ideally with experience in the above-mentioned fields.
Ideally, you have already completed the specialist qualification in X-ray diagnostics of the thorax in accordance with the Radiation Protection Ordinance or additional training in subject-specific X-ray diagnostics of the thorax in accordance with the further training regulations. If this is not the case, you can acquire specialist knowledge from us in accordance with the Radiation Protection Ordinance
You enjoy working independently and responsibly
You have good verbal and written communication skills in German and general user knowledge of the MS Office package
You are friendly and empathetic towards our clientele and have a high level of social and intercultural skills
You have a strong ability to work in a multi-professional team consisting of medical assistants, administrative staff, other doctors and social workers
 
a diverse, varied and interesting job at the intersection of pneumology, infectiology, social medicine and hygiene in a modern, citizen-oriented city health department
Work-life balance through flexible working time models
Personal and professional development through further training and internal further training opportunities
a subsidized public transport ticket
A high level of expertise with the opportunity to work in national and ...	Doctor	None	2023-03-07 15:57:55.239000
