2748	5353	Specialist m/f/d real estate management	About the job

We are currently looking for a dedicated specialist (m/f/d) in real estate management for our customer, a municipal housing construction company, as part of a recruitment agency!

You will be offered a modern workplace, flexible working hours and support for personal development.

Have we aroused your interest? Then send your detailed application documents to bewerbung@aventa-berlin.de!

requirement profile

- Successfully completed commercial vocational training in the real estate sector or a comparable qualification
- First professional experience as a specialist (m/f/d) in the real estate industry
- Very good knowledge of MS Office and SAP, knowledge of tax law is desirable
- Independent, result-oriented and organized way of working

area of ​​responsibility

- Support and participation in emerging projects
- Preparation of the necessary tax returns to determine the assessed values/property tax values
- Support for the introduction of a new software for import and export
- Preparation, plausibility check and filing of all property-specific data

We offer

- Thanks to individual advice, the area, the working environment and the offers that suit you
- Entry into your or promotion or change in your (dream) job as a specialist (m/f/d) real estate industry
- A regular employment contract, secure wages according to collective agreements and lots of strong additional benefits
- You can find out more about the advantages and special features on our homepage - and in a personal conversation

About the job

We are currently looking for a dedicated specialist (m/f/d) in real estate management for our customer, a municipal housing construction company, as part of a recruitment agency!

You will be offered a modern workplace, flexible working hours and support for personal development.

Have we aroused your interest? Then send your detailed application documents to bewerbung@aventa-berlin.de!

About Us

We find jobs for people and people for jobs. As a traditional and modern family business, we have been in Berlin since 2004 and offer individually tailored solutions in the field of personnel services. Here we have specialized in the temporary employment and personnel placement as well as the certified job placement of specialists and managers from the commercial sector.

What drives us?

Openness, courage and creative drive. We are always on the move, preserve our values ​​and influence the regional labor market as active shapers of the future. The result is just good work.

Welcome!

Have we piqued your interest?

Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application including current certificates. This job as a specialist (m/f/d) in real estate management suits you if you are also interested in a clerk (m/f/d) in real estate and housing management, real estate specialist (m/f/d) or

real estate clerk interested.

In your application, please be sure to state the reference number 6380 as well as your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date.

Please do not bother to apply for several positions that interest you. We are familiar with all our vacancies and offers and therefore always check your documents for suitability with regard to all possible possible applications with our customers based on your qualifications.

contact person

Your recruiting team

T: +493020962523

aventa Personnel Management GmbH

Friedrichstrasse 95

10117 Berlin	Specialist - real estate	Our owner-managed company specializes in the temporary employment and placement of specialists and executives in the areas of office and administration, finance and controlling.

Our customers come from all areas of business, industry and trade. These include national and international groups, large companies and medium-sized companies.

For these customers, we are constantly on the lookout for qualified and committed employees either for temporary employment or for recruitment. Get to know us and see for yourself.

...because staff is a matter of trust!	2023-03-07 15:56:11.141000
