6001	8606	Specialist: in IT systems and development databases in the	Your events Get to know us personally. Your benefits Attractive conditions You will achieve great things and you will get no less in return a salary package that is customary in the market, usually with permanent employment contracts and job security, as well as a wide range of fringe benefits and a company pension scheme. Interesting challenges Fascinating projects and tasks from the digitization of a large corporation to the future railway project demand your skills and are waiting for your handwriting. Diverse career opportunities Targeted and individual further development opportunities at specialist, project or management level give you long-term prospects. Locations At these locations you will find the vacancies. Data is loading... One moment please... It's taking too long. Reduce the loading time by adding search terms or filters. We are sorry. The amount of data is too large. Narrow your search and speed up loading time. About us As the rail infrastructure company of Deutsche Bahn, DB Netz AG has over 46,000 employees and is responsible for the approximately 33,000 kilometer route network. This puts us at the top of the European rail infrastructure operators for passenger and freight transport. As an innovative and future-oriented company, we create the conditions for safe, environmentally friendly and sustainable mobility and form the backbone of rail transport in Germany. Applying is easy Creating a profile Entering information and answering job-specific questions Uploading your CV and attachments Checking data and submitting your application Equal opportunities Equal opportunities and self-determined participation for the severely disabled and equals, as well as respectful cooperation are firmly anchored principles within the DB Group. For this reason, severely disabled and equal applicants will be given preference if they are equally qualified. In addition, we aim to offer all candidates the same opportunities for starting a career and for training and further education, regardless of social or ethnic origin, gender, religion or belief, age or sexual identity and orientation. We consciously promote diversity and cooperation in our teams.	Technical assistant - electronics and data technology	None	2023-03-07 16:02:52.426000
