8524	11129	Specialist (m/f/d) / senior physician (m/f/d) for gynecology	The DRK hospital in Kirchen is a house of standard care with 279 beds and the specialist departments of internal medicine, surgery, gynecology and obstetrics, paediatrics, anesthesia and radiology as well as the urology department. The sponsor of the facility is the non-profit DRK Hospital GmbH Rhineland-Palatinate.

For our gynecology and obstetrics department, which is modern and technically well-equipped, we are looking for one for July 1st, 2022

SPECIALIST (M/F/D) / SENIOR PHYSICIAN (M/F/D) FOR WOMEN'S HEALTH

FULL-TIME

In addition to the usual vaginal and abdominal surgical procedures, including carcinoma and mammary surgery, the surgical spectrum includes endoscopic and minimally invasive surgical techniques and, as a special focus, prolapse surgery. Attached to the department is an in-house gynecological MVZ with several focal points (special oncological consultation hours including outpatient chemotherapy, prenatal diagnostics and others).

In our newly designed delivery room, around 1,000 births take place every year, with a high proportion of high-risk pregnancies. Together with the children's department, the obstetrics department forms the perinatal focus, the aim is to regain perinatal center level 2.

The head physician of the department is authorized for full specialist training. The roster is 1-3-6.

We are looking for a qualified specialist (m/f/d) who is willing to work in our MVZ.

Remuneration is based on the TV doctors (Marburger Bund) valid for DRK Hospital GmbH Rhineland-Palatinate.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our chief physician, Dr. Bernd Mittag, also available by phone at (02741) 682-2373.

Kirchen is located in northern Rhineland-Palatinate in a scenic location and within easy reach of Cologne, Koblenz and Frankfurt.

Have we piqued your interest?

Then send us your complete and meaningful application in writing, quoting the reference number 1KI36, to the address below or using the application form on our homepage.

We ask for your understanding that we cannot return the application documents for administrative and cost reasons. We therefore recommend that you send it using the application form.
DRK Hospital Altenkirchen-Hachenburg
Central HR department
Alte Frankfurter Strasse 12, 57627 Hachenburg
www.drk-kh-kirchen.de

Apply now > [https://werbung.maxime-media.de/unternehmen/drk-krankenhaus-altenkirchen-hachenburg-1715/job/9509]	Doctor	None	2023-03-07 16:08:01.679000
