9610	12215	(Specialist) Nurse Stroke Unit (m/f/d)	You are looking for a new challenge in the field of stroke unit
and would like to be part of a collegial, interprofessional team
work in an appreciative manner?

We offer you an interesting, varied and challenging
Location in the heart of Dusseldorf. Grab it!

For the Marien Hospital in the VKKD we are looking for the 9-bed stroke unit
with monitor monitoring from now on motivated specialist nurses or
Registered health and nursing staff with the willingness to
to complete specialist training for the stroke unit.

Her area of ​​responsibility is caring for patients and their families
demanding situations. Our stroke unit offers varied
and interesting working days in a small team with personal
The atmosphere.

We care patient-oriented, professional, hygienic and
quality conscious. Our patient clientele are emergency or in-house
stroke patients. Also on the stroke unit
Intermedia care (IMC) patients cared for monitoring. The
The range of services offered by the stroke unit includes complex basic care
of spontaneously breathing stroke patients. Arterial blood pressure measurements
are to be looked after regularly.

Your further development, high level of professionalism and expertise are important to us
important, which is why we are happy to support you in planning your career -
It doesn't matter whether it's technical expertise, vocational training, leadership or a degree!

- Your profile -

· Completed training in health and nursing with
the desire for neurological specialization
· First professional experience is desirable
· High professional and personal competence with ability
to work independently and take responsibility
· Interest in and enjoyment of the job
· Team spirit and good communication skills
· Motivation and willingness to perform
· The identification with the goals of a denominational
We assume hospital support
·

- Your tasks -

· Nursing and care for spontaneously breathing stroke patients
various forms (ischemic cerebral infarction, cerebral hemorrhage) as well as
with transient ischemic attacks
· Effective and patient-oriented, interdisciplinary collaboration
with other professional groups
· Ensuring the nursing quality on the basis of the Bobath and
kinaesthetic concept and basal stimulation
· Active participation in projects and in the further development of the
Stroke Unit at Marien Hospital

Please upload your complete application documents to our
Applicant portal up:	Health and Nurse	None	2023-03-07 16:10:14.764000
