86	2735	Sports and fitness trainer (m/f/d)	About Us
The Seepark Ternsche is a destination for everyone who is looking for peace and relaxation, but also variety and leisure fun at the same time.
The Ternscher See is a fantastic bathing lake with a sandy beach and a large sunbathing area. Swimming, stand-up paddling or floating on the air mattress - everyone will find their favorite pastime around the water.
The beach café offers day visitors and overnight guests drinks, ice cream and, in addition to classic snacks, some special delicacies with a wonderful view of the water from the terrace.
The campsite is directly adjacent to the lido, with pitches for long-term and seasonal campers as well as a secluded area directly on the lake shore for short-term campers. Above the sandy beach you can stay in our safari tents or in the Swedish house - and enjoy that camping feeling with comfort without your own caravan or mobile home! Our holiday home, which we rent all year round, is located outside the camping area, but also with direct access to the lake on a fantastic property. Dogs are also welcome there. Let yourself be enchanted by the surroundings of the Seepark!

We offer you:
We offer you…
... working in a great team with a flat hierarchy.
... balanced working hours, taking private projects into account.
... an employee discount on the items offered in the beach café.
... an employee discount for renting the "Family and Friends" rental units.
... a fair and performance-related payment.
... a high degree of independent work with numerous
development opportunities.

These could soon be your tasks:
We are looking for our Aqua-Climb, Germany's largest climbing facility above water, in Seepark Ternsche in Selm
You!
Your tasks will include:

• Reception and check-in of guests
• Issue and return of life jackets and wetsuits
• Instruction of the guests before the climbing experience
• Accompaniment and care of guests on the facility during their stay
• Management of checklists and control of the equipment

What you should bring with you:
You're a perfect match for us if...
... you feel like a sporty part-time job in the water and in the fresh air.
... you like to motivate people and like working in a team.
... you are at least 18 years old and have a current first aid certificate.
... you count an open demeanor and friendliness among your characteristics.
... you are responsible, flexible and resilient.	fitness trainer	None	2023-03-07 15:50:42.856000
