8378	10983	Spülhilfe (m/w/d)	Dishwasher (m/f/d) WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly? also in lateral entry? with us as dishwashing assistant (m/f/d) Pforzheim | Part-time working hours: Mon.-Fri. (20 hrs/week; 11am-3pm) Job ID: 1836-335/2023 Apply now Click this link to apply for the position. Our offer: Attractive, collectively agreed remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonuses Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment with a permanent contract Regulated working hours and free weekends Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Good connection to the public Local transport Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities The tasks: Working in the catering facilities run by Aramark in the Sparkasse Pforzheim Calw Taking on dishwashing and cleaning work Serving meals to our guests Supporting the kitchen team in day-to-day business Your profile: Open and friendly charisma Reliability and team spirit First experience in gastronomy is an advantage Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. About Aramark Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we're the best employer* in our industry!? Do you want to be there? Then become part of our Aramark team and apply directly? also in lateral entry? with us as THE tasks Working in the catering facilities run by Aramark in the Sparkasse Pforzheim Calw Taking on dishwashing and cleaning work Serving food to our guests Supporting the kitchen team in day-to-day business Open and friendly charisma Reliability and team spirit First experience in catering is an advantage Attractive Tariff-based remuneration with holiday and Christmas bonus Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment with a permanent contract Regulated working hours and free weekends Company pension scheme via our pension fund Free meals Free provision and cleaning of work clothes Free salary account Company health management Good connection to the public Local transport Attractive employee discounts from a large number of partners Diverse training and career opportunities Contact Do you have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Stephanie Horst will be happy to help you on 06102-745302 or by e-mail to bewerbung@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! We are active throughout Germany in the field of company, sports, leisure and trade fair catering as well as in care catering and refreshment service. Wherever people work, learn, relax or enjoy their free time. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry analysis Kununu.com 2022	Helper - kitchen	None	2023-03-07 16:07:43.674000
