7882	10487	Store Manager (m/f/d) for our Starbucks at BER Airport	As the world's largest catering trade, SSP operates sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas in Germany: Burger King, Frittenwerk, KFC, Haferkater, Starbucks, Dean&David, Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. We are the Food Travel Experts and not temporary work! We are delighted to have won the Europe-wide EU tender for Berlin Airport (BER). From May 2023 we will have ?two? Burger King stores ?and a? Starbucks coffee house? open.? ? ?  Would you like to build up your team in a very dynamic and international environment right from the start? Then you've come to the right place! Â We are looking for you? from Store Manager / Branch Manager (m/f/d) for our Starbucks at BER Airport? permanent full-time. ? Â  Your job is so exciting: Â  You set up a diverse team that enjoys serving our cheerful guests. Â  Listening to your ears and motivating your employees is your top priority. As our on-site manager, you also design the duty roster and ensure that operations run smoothly. Â  What you bring with you: Â  Your many years of experience in system gastronomy?is the basis for your career with us. You don't need any training for that. You get the training from us!? Â  Your passion is bringing the people in your team together and promoting their strengths. Key figures in day-to-day business do not deter you. HACCP, occupational safety and quality standards sound familiar to you. In our international environment, good German and English skills are important. More than 10 reasons to work with the SSP: Â  Punctual payment?? Â  Vacation pay? Â  Christmas bonus? Â  Holiday surcharge? Â Favored? staff catering ? Up to? 50% discount throughout Germany in more than 300 sales outlets? Opportunity to participate in our? Employee share program ? Employee offers from over 600 well-known providers such as adidas, C&A, Thalia, Rossmann? Comprehensive training? at one of our Berlin locations?? Good transport connection? Internal online training platform (further) development opportunities? Â  Â  Do you like to help yourself, but would you like more responsibility? We look forward to receiving your detailed application documents!	Manager - Sales (Trade)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:42.838000
