8045	10650	Student job - part-time job - car support - car rental	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Vehicle mover - car control - car supporter! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! Support our well-known customer, the leading provider of high-quality and international mobility services for business and corporate customers as well as private travelers, as a driver in the field of car preparation. Your tasks:   You pick up vehicles from customer locations and rental stations and deliver them again. You clean the cars inside and out and make sure the tank is full. You will also check the vehicles for damage, mileage and fuel level, among other things. Your profile:                               Matriculation at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old Valid driving license class B You are service-oriented & reliable Responsible handling of high-quality vehicles Well-groomed appearance & good manners Good knowledge of German, spoken & written, as well as good knowledge of English Interest in a long-term Activity   We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies (10 to 20 hours/week) Fair & punctual remuneration Flexible working hours from Monday to Friday A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift planning & time management Optimal preparation for deployment & conscientious on-site training   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team warms up the tires and looks forward to seeing you!	service driver	None	2023-03-07 16:07:02.911000
