7741	10346	Student job - part-time job - temporary help - waiter - waiter - events	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Service rock star - event waiter - event service staff! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! The hottest locations in gastronomy, the hotel industry and the event industry are waiting for you! Join our team as an event waiter. Your tasks:   From the preparatory work (mise en place) to the beverage service and the serving of dishes to the counter service, buffet care or clearing the tables? as an event service employee you are an important part of the team and ensure the success of every event! You consistently apply the HACCP concept, and you always follow the currently valid additional hygiene guidelines. Your profile:                 Matriculation at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old You enjoy dealing with guests You like working in a team, are flexible & reliable Friendliness & a positive appearance are natural for you You are attentive & have an eye for detail   We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies Fair & punctual remuneration A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift planning & time management Free service training & optimal deployment preparation   Your future will be a big event! Apply now! Our branch team looks forward to seeing you!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:25.453000
