7826	10431	Student job - part-time job - counter - bar - serving drinks - event - event	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Counter Gold - Barheld*in - Event Counter Power! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! The hottest locations in gastronomy, the hotel industry and the event industry are waiting for you! Join our team as an event counter worker. Your tasks:   You will support the teams of our most diverse customers in all areas of the bar and beverage serving at top-class events and you will be deployed according to your skills and preferences:   For you, a keg is 50 liters of liquid gold? Then you are the tapper who taps the beer for the guests without shrinkage. The operation of dispensing and tapping systems as well as the tapping of barrels does not present you with a major challenge. Do you prefer juggling with trays, wreaths or meters? Then you are the bar service, the beverage express on two legs, which quickly serves all its guests. Do you prefer to work with a shaker and mixing glass, have a collection of recipes for the most common cocktails in your head and aren’t just quick during happy hour? Then the bar is your stage and you are your bartender. Whether alcoholic or non-alcoholic, whether hot or cold, whether bar, counter or drinks trolley, the main thing is that it is liquid and the mood is good. Your profile:                 Matriculation at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old Ideally experience at the bar/counter or in the beverage outlet You enjoy dealing with guests Well-groomed appearance & good manners Dedication, motivation & ability to work in a team A conscientious & Fast way of working Good knowledge of German and a well-groomed appearance Knowledge of the HACCP concept We offer you: An interesting, varied and secure part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies Fair and punctual remuneration A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere and fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift planning & time management Free service training & optimal deployment preparation   Your future will be a big event! Apply now! Our branch team looks forward to seeing you!	buffet force	None	2023-03-07 16:06:35.981000
