8398	11003	Student employee m/f/d cash register ? Cashier - LEH	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Our well-known customers from the food retail sector look forward to your support. A service-oriented part-time job with responsibility and many interesting encounters awaits you. Your tasks:   You are the friendly employee m/f/d at the checkout in our customers' markets. Process the predominantly cashless payment transactions at a scanner checkout and ensure order and cleanliness in the checkout area. Advise and serve your customers in a friendly and courteous manner. Your profile :   Matriculation at a (technical) college or university Ideally first experience as a cashier m/f/d in retail, we are also happy to give career changers a chance Enjoy working with customers Ability to work in a team, resilience & flexibility Carefulness & speed A natural & well-groomed Appearance Good knowledge of spoken and written German as well as a basic understanding of numbers Flawless police clearance certificate   We offer you:   An above-tariff & performance-related remuneration An interesting & varied part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies A diverse working environment Working in a nice team On-site training   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already sitting on hot coals and is waiting for your application!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:46.144000
