7720	10325	Student employee m/f/d service at trade fairs	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! The hottest trade fairs in the region are looking forward to seeing you! Join our team as a service worker m/f/d. Your tasks: Your tasks during the day include, depending on the area of ​​application, customer reception, looking after a stand, a bar or a counter, presenting goods and/or serving drinks and snacks. Do you prefer to work in the evenings? Here, too, we will find the right area of ​​application for you! At the exhibition stand party in the evening, you always have an overview of the service. Your profile:                 Matriculation at a (technical) college or university You enjoy dealing with guests You like working in a team, are flexible and reliable Friendliness and a positive demeanor are a matter of course for you Very good knowledge of German and English, further language skills are an advantage You are attentive and have an eye for detail   We offer you:   An above-tariff & performance-based salary An interesting & varied part-time job Flexible time management, ideally compatible with your studies Free service training & optimal deployment preparation Working in a nice team   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team is already sitting on hot coals and is waiting for your application!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:22.889000
