8258	10863	Student job - part-time job - student assistants m/f/d	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Gain professional experience, make contacts for the future, meet nice colleagues, improve your account balance and be independent! At STUDENTpartout you will find the perfect job alongside your studies! Your options:   As a student you can work in a wide variety of areas at our customer companies. Be the charming waiter at top events and strengthen the diverse departments of our customers from the hotel and catering industry. Or support in the commercial area at the checkout, in the warehouse or in logistics. Are you also wanted in the commercial area? in the offices of the marketing and sales departments and in administration. Cool jobs are waiting for you at STUDENTpartout! Your profile:                 You are at least 18 years old You are enrolled at a (technical) college or university You are interested in interesting jobs You like working in a team, are flexible & reliable Friendliness & a positive demeanor are self-evident for you   Good reasons to To join our team:   An above-tariff & performance-related remuneration An interesting & varied part-time job Flexible time management, ideally compatible with your studies Optimal preparation for work or on-site training   Have we aroused your interest? Then apply now! Our branch team is already sitting on hot coals and is waiting for you!	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:07:28.957000
