7911	10516	Student job - part-time job - order picker - logistics helper - warehouse helper	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Commissioning fairy - label master - warehouse rocker! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! Support our well-known customer, a family business in the field of logistics and fulfillment service, as a student employee for warehousing and logistics. Your job: You make a lot of steam in all aisles of the shelves:   Picking of small parts Packing of goods Incoming and outgoing goods inspection General warehouse activities   Your profile:   Matriculation at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old Ideally first experience in the warehouse area / in the logistics industry, We are happy to give motivated lateral entrants a chance Physical resilience and team spirit Very good knowledge of spoken and written German We offer you: An interesting, varied and exciting part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies Shifts (early or late) by arrangement from Monday possible until Saturday Conscientious training by our customer on site A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift models A fair & punctual remuneration   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team looks forward to seeing you!	logistician	None	2023-03-07 16:06:46.402000
