7563	10168	Student job - waiter - stadium - home games - football - VIP area - 14?/hour	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Stadium hero ? Service Striker ? VIP waiter! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! The Bremen 2022/2023 season is first class, just like you! Reinforce the offensive of our customer, the experienced caterer in the stadium, and ensure appropriate hospitality in the VIP area of ​​​​the stadium at home games. Your task: You work on home match days and become part of the stadium service crew. You take care of the physical well-being of your well-known guests in the VIP area and actively support them in all service matters. You ensure a professional mise-en-place, offer and serve food and drinks and look after the buffets. You are always the perfect host. You are characterized by an always present and reserved service. Your work area is clean and tidy at all times, compliance with the HACCP concept and current hygiene measures is a matter of course for you. Your profile:   Enrolled at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old You enjoy dealing with guests You like working in a team, are flexible and reliable Friendliness and a positive demeanor are a matter of course for you You are attentive and have an eye for detail We offer you:   An interesting, varied & exciting part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies Assignments of 6 to 8 hours on home game days A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & Technically experienced dispatchers A fair & punctual remuneration of 14,- ?/hour. The location can be easily reached by public transport A conscientious on-site training Your future in our team starts today! Apply now! The transfer window is open and you are the player of choice for our head of department, Erwin Tieslau.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:03.604000
