8426	11031	Student job - part-time job - temporary work - service - breakfast	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Early riser - morning person - breakfast power! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! O ur well-known customers from the hotel and catering industry as well as community catering look forward to your support in the breakfast service. Your tasks:   As an early riser, you support the teams of our various customers in all areas of the daily breakfast service. Your area of ​​responsibility mainly includes serving the food and drinks, clearing and setting the tables, work preparation? mise en place? as well as the attentive care of the guests. You consistently apply the HACCP concept, and you always follow the currently valid additional hygiene guidelines. Your profile:                               Matriculation at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old Ideally experience in service, we are also happy to give career changers a chance Enjoy the role as host Well-groomed appearance & good manners Dedication, motivation & ability to work in a team We offer you:   An interesting, varied & secure part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies Fair & punctual remuneration A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift planning & time management Free of charge Service training & optimal preparation   Your future begins early in the morning! Apply now! Our branch team is already brewing the coffee and looks forward to seeing you!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:49.563000
