8095	10700	Student job - part-time job - temporary help - student - jobs for students	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Gain professional experience, make contacts for the future, meet nice colleagues, improve your account balance and be independent! At STUDENTpartout you will find the perfect job alongside your studies! Your options:   As a student, you can work in a wide variety of areas at our customer companies. Be the charming waiter at top events and strengthen the diverse departments of our customers from the hotel and catering industry. Or support in the commercial area at the checkout, in the warehouse or in logistics. Are you also wanted in the commercial area? in the offices of the marketing and sales departments and in administration. Cool jobs are waiting for you at STUDENTpartout! Your profile:                 You are at least 18 years old You are enrolled at a (technical) college or university You are interested in interesting jobs You like working in a team, are flexible & reliable Friendliness & a positive demeanor are a matter of course for you   Good reasons to To join our team:   An interesting, varied & secure part-time job that can be ideally combined with your studies Fair & punctual remuneration A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift planning & time management Optimal preparation for deployment & conscientious on-site training   Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team looks forward to seeing you!	Helper - Hotel	None	2023-03-07 16:07:09.045000
