8391	10996	Student job - student - exhibition staff - traveling exhibition - Kiel	STUDENTpartout GmbH brings together students and employers from event gastronomy and from the industrial/commercial sector throughout Germany. Students can look forward to the perfect part-time job in the diverse student working world, regardless of whether it is about improving their bank balance or gaining professional experience for a successful future. We support our customers with temporary, short-term and flexibly available student employees ? differently pre-qualified and can be used in many different areas, such as event service, office, sales, logistics, marketing, sales, web and IT. STUDENTpartout: dynamic, authentic and represented nationwide! Exhibition staff ? Visitor attendant - cashier! Are you looking for a varied job with good pay that you can optimally combine with your studies? Then you are exactly right here! Become part of the team of a world-renowned and fascinating exhibition! From mid-May, the current traveling exhibition will be visiting Kiel. Your task: One of the most sensational exhibitions in Germany! We are looking for you from May 17th, 2023 in Erfurt as an employee for a fascinating traveling exhibition in Kiel! Whether in visitor care, as a cashier or in merchandise sales, we have the right job for you. Be the competent point of contact in the exhibition and stand by the visitors with advice and action or operate the cash desk and sell tickets and merchandise items - you and your team will take the visitors on an unforgettable journey! Your profile:   Matriculation at a (technical) college or university At least 18 years old A friendly, personable & well-groomed appearance Guest & service-oriented thinking Enjoyment & fun at work Very good German & another foreign language is an advantage   We offer you:   An interesting one , varied & safe part-time job at a world-famous exhibition Flexible shift planning & time management, ideally compatible with your studies Fair & punctual remuneration Use from May 17th, 2023 Good accessibility by public transport A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, Reliable & technically experienced dispatchers Optimal preparation for deployment & conscientious on-site training We would be happy to talk to you about other possible assignments after the exhibition Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch team looks forward to seeing you!	guest attendant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:45.281000
