8287	10892	Subsidiary Management Trainee (m/w/d)	Are you looking for the ideal entry into professional life after your university degree with initial practical experience? We are looking for university graduates, business administrators or business economists (m/f/d) with a focus on hotels, tourism, retail, gastronomy, services or fitness for our trainee program in the branch area in the greater Munich area. Ideally, you have studied tourism or hotel management and are now looking for an entry-level position in management. During your 12-month internal training / further education with us, you will get everything you need from fleet management to efficient work with business key figures to employee management, so that you can then take over the management of your own SIXT branch. Apply now for your trainee program. What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: Basic salary depending on the professional level + uncapped bonus system with guaranteed monthly payment SURCHARGES + FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE TIME ACCOUNT: Holiday, night shift and Sunday work surcharges and build-up of up to 20 minus hours as well as 30 days of vacation BAV & VWL: Support with your pension plan and capital-forming benefits COMPANY CAR + COMPANY MOBILE PHONE: You will receive a company car including a fuel card and a company cell phone, both for private use as well. BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with your friends and receive 2,000 as an employee? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every appointment through your recommendation DRESS TO IMPRESS:? We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform & subsidize the cleaning costs. GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+ as well as discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities, give you continuous feedback & experienced branch managers (m/f/d) and executives (m/f/d) are available to you as mentors at any time CHARITABLE WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ? Support Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and psychological hotline What you bring with you: You have a business degree , completed further training as a business administrator or business economist (m/f/d), preferably with a focus on retail, gastronomy, tourism, services, fitness or the hotel industry Thanks to your practical experience, you already have a feel for customers and staff management as well as a strong hands-on mentality You have very good knowledge of German and English and speak other foreign languages ​​if necessary You are enthusiastic about cars and have a valid car driver’s license, ideally with a C1 driving license You are ready to put your horsepower on the road, are ready to travel and look forward to it , getting to know different branches in Bavaria What you do with us: Do you want to bring your entrepreneurial spirit and your ideas to SIXT? Then we will prepare you for a managerial position in the branch area in the greater Munich area. You will work actively in one of our SIXT branches from day one and prove your sales talent by renting our premium vehicles. With us, you will quickly take on responsibility and during your traineeship you will learn step by step the art of leading employees. You show what analytical skills you have in fleet planning and in the business management of the branch. During your traineeship, you will work independently on an exciting project where you will get to know SIXT from a different perspective. Do you want to aim high as a young manager (m/f/d)? Then our trainee program is the ideal kickstart for your career and the ideal supplement if you want to supplement your degree in business administration / specialist / business administration. We are not like the others. We are SIXT. You too? Additional information Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives us	Manager - catering business	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.499000
