6100	8705	Superstructure manager (m/f/d), Erlensee	Superstructure manager (m/f/d) Company SPITZKE SE Center of competence Mitte Location Erlensee Location nationwide Type of contract Unlimited Type of activity full-time Starting date Immediately Reference number 1016/20.2/00 Publication date 09.02.2023 Rails, sleepers and switches You can use these and other terms in your support your professional career. Our site managers (m/f/d) in the track area take on the projects for complete superstructure measures for all rail routes of long-distance, regional and connecting railways as well as for private railways. Our branch is looking for reinforcements and looks forward to receiving your application or contact. What excites you Focus Your goal is high-quality, economical and on-schedule construction. Your implementation ideas play a decisive role here. Responsibility You will manage demanding construction projects mainly in central Germany and be the contact person (m/f/d) for your team, subcontractors, customers and authorities. Team spirit At SPITZKE you are not on your own. Your operational team is constantly being further qualified in order to meet the requirements. Your colleagues (m/f/d) from project management are also at your side with help and advice. Variety Duration, intensity, technology No construction site is like the other and that's what makes it so exciting. From large projects to short-term repair measures. Pure variety for you and your team. What excites us Skills Ideally, you have professional experience in operational construction, for example as a site manager (m/f/d), junior site manager (m/f/d) or site foreman (m/f/d). Qualifications A successfully completed degree in civil engineering is desirable. Comparable qualifications and other economic courses related to construction are a welcome alternative. Skills You communicate verbally and in writing with all project participants (m/f/d) and customers (m/f/d) in a solution-oriented, binding and eye-to-eye manner. Mobility In order to optimally support your team, you are willing to travel as a matter of course. SPITZKE. Design in networked dimensions. We are a strong group of companies with around 2,300 employees at 18 locations in Germany and Europe. Together we shape Europe's rail infrastructure and advance it. As a system supplier for rail-bound mobility, we create new connections every day for long-distance and regional trains as well as for suburban and underground trains, trams or industrial trains from planning to implementation, from new construction to repair and maintenance. To do this, we bundle and network our expertise in track, technology, equipment/electrical engineering, major projects/engineering, logistics and production. Exciting challenges and diverse tasks are always part of our job. We combine 130 job profiles and around 20 apprenticeships under one roof. Company SPITZKE SE Center of Competence Central Location Erlensee Location nationwide Type of contract Unlimited Type of activity full-time Starting date Immediately Reference number 1016/20.2/00 Publication date 02/09/2023 Benefits at SPITZKE Secure job SPITZKE was founded in 1936. Especially in the past 30 years we have grown steadily, economically solid and crisis-proof. We want to continue this development. Your job with us is more secure than in almost any other industry. Employee advice Sometimes you just need a sympathetic ear. We support you confidentially in all phases of life with our own counseling service for personal concerns. SPITZKE FUNDS e. V. At SPITZKE we stand up for one another. We have therefore set up our own fund to	site manager	None	2023-03-07 16:03:04.619000
