8036	10641	Supervisor/ Shift Manager (m/f/d)	You need more BUMMS in your life? A popping - squeaking - grinding, makes your engine purr contentedly? Are you an all-rounder and want a job with more responsibility? Are you looking for constant growth and a long-term perspective in a management position? Then support our team as a supervisor (m/f/d) in claims management in Rostock and take over the technical management of our team. What we offer you: ABOVE-AVERAGE REMUNERATION: Our employees (m/f/d) receive above-average remuneration + support with bAV & economics PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT: We will hire you for an unlimited period from the start PLANNING SECURITY: 30 days of vacation and regulated working hours MOBILE WORK: You From now on you can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly Working hours you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK) FLEXIBLE FLEXIBLE ACCOUNT: With structure up to 20 minus hours THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Comprehensive onboarding & warm working atmosphere + work together your friends and get 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: For SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+, employee leasing and discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. and an RSAG job ticket or free Parking spaces DEVELOPMENT: You want more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback CHARITY WORK: On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and our psychological hotline What you bring with you: You have completed commercial vocational training or have several years of experience in a commercial field of activity You have initial experience in managing employees, e.g. in the instruction of Apprentices, as a supervisor or already deputy team leader (m/f/d) A great team is just as important to you as an exciting job You have very good knowledge of English so that you can also exchange ideas with our international partners; You speak German at mother tongue level You feel confident in the complete MS Office package, especially Excel What you do with us: As a supervisor (m/f/d) you are the technical contact person for a team of up to 15 employees (m/f/d ) and the link between the team and team leaders (m/f/d). As the first point of contact for your employees, you answer all questions regarding the damage file. You support the team management in process optimization around the damage area. You support the coordination of day-to-day business and work actively on claims files. So that you can make a well-founded decision in every claim file, taking into account all the information available, you will receive a full three-month training period from us. Additional information About the department: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. Cleverness and thinking outside the box is required in our assistant functions, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues facilitates cooperation. Keeping your back free for content-related topics and making everyday work work is a daily challenge here. In a great team that sticks together, however, these challenges are easy to master. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	General Manager/in (Gastronomie)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:01.814000
