9468	12073	Supply engineer / technician TGA (w/m/d)	If you work with us on interesting and challenging projects in the field of technical building equipment
 want to implement and an attractive and varied
are looking for a job, you've come to the right place at Brunel. You build with us
Cross-industry expertise and thus qualify on one
broad basis, industry-independent and flexible for further career paths.
Apply today as a supply engineer / supply engineer and discover the
Diversity of engineering.

Job description:

- As an experienced TGA professional, you will take on the coordination and execution of project work in supply engineering.
- One focus is troubleshooting and documentation in SAP.
- That means you fix the faults in the refrigeration systems in the switching stations and the air conditioning systems in the office buildings.
- Also on your agenda: coordination and documentation of maintenance.
- The handling of projects in the field of maintenance also falls within the area of ​​responsibility.

Your profile:

- Completed degree in technical building equipment or comparable qualification.
- Professional experience in supply engineering.
- Knowledge of the planning and execution of TGA systems.
- Confident use of MS Office, ideally some experience with SAP.

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is shaped by
Diversity of our employees and mutual respect –
between employees and at all levels of the company. This includes next to
varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, also regular ones
Feedback conversations about your challenges and perspectives with your
Account Manager. With individual further education and training you will
optimally supported and prepared for future projects. perpetual
Employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations as well as company,
employer-financed pension schemes are with us
of course.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - technical building equipment	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:57.361000
