7046	9651	Supplementary power OGS	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. In our open all-day schools (OGS) we enable families to reconcile professional and educational activities and support children in their school career. In the OGS department, there is a position to be filled as a supplementary worker (m/f/d) in the OGS Gotenstraße with 10 hours per week. Housekeeping activities Preparation and implementation of the lunch situation Supporting activities in accompanying a group of students Ability to work in a team Experience with school children Enjoying working in the housekeeping area Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) including an annual bonus Secure, permanent employment in a growing social enterprise Look forward to extra vacation: an additional AWO vacation day and free on Shrove Monday Attractive company pension: we finance your company pension scheme 100 percent cheaper on the go: discount on your Rheinbahn ticket You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Values ​​we live by: Tolerance, fairness , justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representation for severely disabled people	Socio-educational assistant / childcare worker	None	2023-03-07 16:05:00.426000
