8149	10754	Supplier Management Expert / Process Owner (m/w/d)	You have several years of experience in procurement, project management or supplier management and would like to make a difference? We would like to get to know you and your expertise in project management/supplier management, your ideas for new purchasing strategies and your motivation for the further development of central purchasing! Since we are expanding and our goal as part of our Procurement 4.0 strategy is to implement a fully digitized source-to-pay process, we are looking to strengthen our purchasing team as soon as possible. Sounds interesting? Then start as soon as possible as a Supplier Management Expert / Process Owner (m/f/d). What you do with us: You are part of our corporate procurement organization and are responsible for the development, support and monitoring of our global supplier management processes. You define a global supplier management strategy and implement the associated process structure with the aim of significantly increasing efficiency, performance and transparency Business Partner Management You independently develop solutions to meet compliance requirements in the area of ​​Supplier Management You are a competent contact and proactive interface manager for Corporate Procurement or other internal or external stakeholders in your area You develop and are responsible for suitable reporting and auditing measures You also assume the leading role of project management with regard to supplier management solutions. This includes design, coordination and management of internal stakeholders and external service providers, also with regard to IT-side implementations What you bring: You have a degree in business administration/industrial engineering or comparable qualifications You already have several years of experience in a similar position in the field of project management and /or Purchasing/supplier management, preferably on an international level  You have very good knowledge and skills in project management You are a talented communicator and lead with heart, but you always have an eye on the numbers and analysis  You have the necessary foresight and are a decision-maker? ?, operationally as well as strategically                 You are IT-savvy and have fluent business communication skills in English You want to take the topic of supplier management to the next level and make it fit for the future Additional information Working at SIXT not only means the future of mobility created, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 ? for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., free cyber sports courses and free training for your individual development. We also give you a mobility allowance of 20?/month for the way to work, regardless of whether you come to work with the BVG, by car, by bike or on foot. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The corporate development department brings together the internal consulting units of the SIXT Group. The range of tasks includes projects for the development of new business areas and products, growth initiatives in existing business areas and M&A projects. On the other hand, corporate development works on the constant optimization of business processes, the increase in productivity and cost efficiency and the expansion of	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:15.650000
