6153	8758	Syndikusanwalt / Legal Counsel (m/f/d)	In-house lawyer/ Legal Counsel (m/f/d)

Welcome to the akf group
  The akf group, a subsidiary of the international Vorwerk group, is one of the largest leasing and financing companies in Germany. We have been a partner to medium-sized companies for more than five decades. We know the needs of our customers from industry and trade and understand the specifics of their sectors. Due to regional proximity, we are close to the customer and can act quickly and flexibly. In short: we are a competent partner for individual purchase, sales and direct financing of mobile assets.
    We want to continue to be successful in the market in the future - and for this we need people who suit us and want to grow with us.
    For our headquarters in Wuppertal, we are looking for an in-house lawyer/legal counsel (m/f/d) for a permanent full-time position as soon as possible.
YOUR TASKS:
As part of our legal department team, you will independently advise on any legal issues that arise, especially in the areas of commercial and corporate law as well as general civil and contract law
You are responsible for the legal review of contracts and advise management and specialist departments on the introduction of new sales channels. They not only support you with operational issues, but also provide legal advice on the implementation of new, highly complex projects. If necessary, you will take part directly in contract negotiations with our vendors and customers.
For general legal questions, you are the first point of contact for our management and the specialist departments
You play an active role in assessing changes in the law and promote the legal development of guidelines, regulatory requirements and internal processes

YOUR PROFILE:
 as a fully qualified lawyer (admission to the legal profession) you ideally have initial professional experience, preferably in the field of banking/leasing or a commercial law firm
You retain perspective in complex economic contexts and have the ability to convey even these complex issues in a way that is understandable and appropriate to the addressee
a high degree of decision-making power and persuasiveness is a matter of course for you
 You have a structured way of working, are highly self-motivated and interested in learning new things
a pronounced ability to work in a team rounds off your profile

OUR RANGE:
 Attractive remuneration plus vacation pay, which is based on the bank tariff
Flexible working framework through flexitime and 30 vacation days
Mobile working with defined remote work options
Attractive company pension scheme and the option of a working-time account
Benefits of a family business, e.g. Employee discounts, subsidies for childcare costs and further training funding
  Extensive health services such as company health insurance, company medical advice and care
 Service bike leasing offer and varied fitness offers
 Discounted job ticket and free parking directly at the workplace
  Charging points for electric cars

HAVE WE PIQUED YOUR INTEREST?
  Then please send us your complete application documents (including CV and references) stating the earliest possible starting date and your salary expectations.
   WE LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVING YOUR APPLICATION!
   Please note that akf does not accept unsolicited application documents from recruitment agencies. akf works with preferred providers and will not make any remuneration payments to recruitment agencies without a corresponding framework agreement. If akf receives a candidate profile from a recruitment agency with which there is no framework agreement and this candidate is considered or hired at a later point in time in the recruitment process, this does not result in any claims on the part of the recruitment agency.


  Catherine Mobus
  Personnel Officer


Apply now! >
career networks
VORWERK ON LINKEDIN >
VORWERK ON XING >
VORWERK ON KUNUNU >	In-house lawyer	None	2023-03-07 16:03:11.151000
