6170	8775	System Administrator Infrastructure Server/Storage (m/f/d)	Can you identify with our motto "Stuttgart by profession"? Then you will find ideal development opportunities in the state capital of Stuttgart!
  The diversity of our professional fields is also reflected in our diverse staff composition. With us, all applicants (m/f/d) are equally valuable and welcome. We also welcome applications from severely disabled and equal opportunities. Part-time work is also possible in full-time positions, unless otherwise stated in the advertisement.

System Administrator Infrastructure Server/Storage (m/f/d)

We are looking for a system administrator infrastructure server/storage for the office for digitization, organization and IT of the state capital Stuttgart as soon as possible. The position is to be filled indefinitely.
Around 16,000 employees shape public life in the state capital of Stuttgart and ensure that everything runs smoothly in the boiler. At www.stuttgart.de/karriere you will find all the important information about our wide range of career and development opportunities.

The newly founded office for digitization, organization and IT bundles the most important forces of the state capital Stuttgart to promote digitization. The position to be filled is assigned to the “Basic Infrastructure and Cross-Sectional Tasks” subject area within the “Technical Infrastructure and IT Security” department.

Your main tasks:
Installation, configuration of central storage components (focus on NetApp) and the associated Fiber Channel infrastructure
Installation and configuration of server hardware
Monitoring of all components with regard to availability and utilization as well as the independent processing of incidents
Carrying out all activities in the course of the life cycle of the hardware
Updating the documentation of the system landscape
Participation in the further development of the central server and storage infrastructure
Participation in the data center operation

A change or addition to the area of ​​responsibility remains reserved.

Your profile:
You have successfully completed a university degree in IT or a comparable university degree and ideally at least three years of practical work experience or
You are an officer in the higher information technology service
People with a comparable qualification (e.g. training as an IT specialist) and extensive relevant professional experience who, based on their previous professional activity, have equivalent skills and experience to perform the tasks mentioned can also apply
Experience in the administration of server and storage systems
Knowledge of one of the script languages ​​Powershell, Python or Perl as well as the administration of systems with REST API
Knowledge of the NetApp operating system ONTAP is an advantage
ideally you have knowledge of TCP/IP network services such as DNS, DHCP and NTP as well as the network protocols CIFS, NFS or S3
Willingness to work flexible hours, good written and spoken German and a team-oriented way of working complete your profile

Look forward to:
a future-proof job
Work-life balance through flexible working time models
the opportunity to work mobile or in the home office
Personal and professional development through a comprehensive range of advanced training courses
Health management and sports offers
a subsidized public transport ticket
employer-funded pension
Discounted lunch in our company restaurants

We offer you a post of salary group A 13 gD. A corresponding position is available. In the employment relationship, the classification takes place in salary group 13 TVöD if all personal and collective bargaining requirements are met.
For more information about the job, Mr. Demand is available at 0711 216-881188 or andreas.demand@stuttgart.de. For personnel-related questions about the procedure, please contact Ms. Meister on 0711 216-81742 or
antonia.meister@stuttgart.de .


Please send applications to our online application portal by April 1st, 2023.

If an online application is not possible, you can send us your paper application, stating the
Send reference number 17/0017/2023 to the Office for Digitization, Organization and IT of the City of Stuttgart, Heilbronner Straße 150, 70191 Stuttgart.

In the case of a paper application, please only send us copies without plastic sleeves or similar, as there will be no return. After completion of the selection process, all documents will be destroyed.


www.stuttgart.de/stellenangebote	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:13.244000
