6146	8751	System administrator data center (m/f/div.)	System administrator data center (m/f/div.)

full time
Schützstrasse 12, 56242 Selters (Westerwald), Germany
With professional experience
3/1/23



These exciting tasks await you:

Administration and maintenance of local and remote data centers
Support of virtualized server operating systems based on VMWare
Management and control of the backup systems
Management of the worldwide Active Directory
Planning and implementation of upgrade and service projects
Advice, coordination and support of external service providers in the worldwide locations for the area of ​​IT infrastructure
2nd and 3rd level support in the existing network, client and server infrastructure


What you should bring with you:

Completed vocational training in the IT field and/or completed studies with a corresponding IT focus
Several years experience
Very good knowledge of the Microsoft server environment
In-depth knowledge of IT infrastructure (client/server networks, virtualization, Windows and Linux operating systems)
High customer and service orientation as well as problem-solving skills
Good communication skills and a confident demeanor
good written and spoken English knowledge


What do SCHÜTZ and our IT actually do? Our offer for your use:

As a leading manufacturer of industrial packaging, especially the "Schütz IBC", we are represented as a family business in 22 countries worldwide. We have been growing at an above-average rate for years and attach great importance to sustainability and Germany as a location. We employ at our headquarters in Selters (Westerwald). more than 2,200 employees. In accordance with the lived philosophy "Passion for Technology" we build the majority of our machines and systems ourselves and thus achieve a worldwide quality standard. Our other business areas include industrial services, "composites" for wind energy and aviation as well as systems for heating and air-conditioning technology.Our mostly longstanding and loyal employees are a very important competitive factor in this success story.
Our central IT department in Selters, with over 80 committed employees, uses its own data centers to provide all the necessary services and applications for smooth and automated business processes worldwide. More than 3,000 users use a wide variety of business applications from well-known manufacturers (e.g. SAP, Microsoft, Opentext), which are used in the various business and production-related areas of the company. IT is responsible for the introduction, operation and further development of these solutions.
Benefits:
Well predictable 13th month salary
Monthly fuel voucher in the amount of EUR 40
Company pension scheme (Schütz pension)
flextime regulation
Inexpensive offer for in-house fitness studio
Attractive employee discounts through corporate benefits
Free employee parking
Extensive training programs, including in our modern in-house training center

Do you have any questions? Our contact person Ms. Chiara Hehner, telephone 02626 77-3921, looks forward to your call.






apply online
           Take a look at our jobs

Share this job


Imprint | Data protection

Powered by softgarden	IT-Administrator/in	None	2023-03-07 16:03:10.289000
