8064	10669	Tax consultant ? International Tax (m/f/d)	Do you already have sound professional experience in the field of taxes and have you been able to acquire extensive specialist knowledge of international tax law? Then support our tax department as a tax consultant (m/f/d) with a focus on international tax in Munich. Here you will be responsible for international tax issues and act as Senior Executive Tax (m/f/d). Sounds interesting? Then apply now and start as a tax consultant (m/f/d) with a focus on international tax at SIXT as soon as possible. What you do with us: You are responsible for the topic of transfer pricing in the group (e.g. creating documentation, determining transfer prices, negotiations with tax authorities) You take over country-by-country reporting and notifications of cross-border tax arrangements (DAC 6) You are responsible for the foreign SIXT Group companies in cooperation with local tax managers and foreign tax consultants You provide tax advice and coordination within the framework of cross-border projects and work on tax issues in the context of group financing You supervise ongoing tax audits in Germany and abroad relating to transfer pricing or other international issues You provide tax advice Group-internal restructuring and M&A projects and supports you in the further development of the tax ICS You work on questions in the area of ​​withholding taxes (especially in the context of contract reviews) What you bring with you: You have a degree in economics or law and have several years of professional experience in the field of tax a successfully passed tax consultant exam You have been able to acquire extensive specialist knowledge of international tax law You are a team player and motivated to work in a dynamic environment You have very good knowledge of German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our Law & Taxes teams are our internal consulting units of the SIXT organization. Together with international colleagues, the teams take on and support numerous projects from a tax and legal perspective and help to make important decisions on a daily basis. Working in the Law & Taxes departments at SIXT stands for a varied range of topics, short decision-making processes and a friendly, collegial atmosphere. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our Fran	Tax Advisor	None	2023-03-07 16:07:05.254000
