3646	6251	Tax clerk / financial accountant (m/f/d) (in part...	Clinical research under better conditions - We combine academic knowledge and medical skills with economic flexibility. GBG Forschungs GmbH is an academic research institute (ARO) that develops, conducts and evaluates clinical study projects to improve breast cancer therapy options. Our cooperation partners include companies and organizations from science, research and industry. The company, based in Neu-Isenburg, currently employs around 130 people. To date, more than 60,000 patients have been included in GBG studies. Our bandwidth ranges from international registration studies to academic non-interventional studies and studies on non-drug studies involving several hundred centers. We are looking for a seasoned personality as a tax clerk / financial accountant (m/f/d) (part-time, max. 25 h) to strengthen our GBG team as soon as possible: Accounts receivable and accounts payable Posting of cash receipts and credit card statements Checking and posting of travel expense reports Asset accounting Collaboration in the preparation of monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements Processing of payment transactions Correspondence with external service providers in coordination with accounting and management Successfully completed training as a tax clerk or a comparable qualification Professional experience in the field of financial accounting / tax office Sound knowledge of dealing with DATEV, a strong understanding of numbers and a Analytical thinking Mastery of the MS Office package Structured, careful and independent way of working as well as team spirit and a high degree of reliability Commitment to breast cancer research An international working environment 30 days vacation, working hours based on trust Work-life balance (part-time possible) Further development: internal and external training Canteen , Cafeteria JobRad, parking spaces Have we aroused your interest? We offer you a job in a dynamic company with short decision-making processes in a motivated team. Our cooperation is characterized by innovation and commitment. We look forward to receiving your comprehensive application, stating your income expectations and the earliest possible starting date, to: GBG Forschungs GmbH Human Resources | Dornhofstrasse 10 | 63263 Neu-Isenburg Tel.: 06102 7480-327 or 06102 7480-417 | Email: bewerbungen@GBG.de | www.GBG.de	Financial Accountant	None	2023-03-07 15:58:01.788000
