5957	8562	Team leader (m/f/d) logistics / day-to-day operations	We miss you!
Brewes is a supplier and manufacturer of identification, health and safety and business supplies products. As a modern family company with over 100 employees, we have been combining stability with a high degree of dynamism and innovative strength for 30 years. Our customers include leading industrial companies worldwide. You can expect an attractive, modern working environment in which the focus is on people.
For our continuously growing company and to strengthen our logistics team, we are looking for someone to start as soon as possible

Team leader (m/f/d) logistics / day-to-day operations

Your future area of ​​responsibility:

The planning and control of day-to-day operations including personnel deployment planning.
Supervision and support of the incoming and outgoing goods processes, in particular working with our ERP system Sage 100.
The leadership, motivation and development of the team in cooperation with the department head.
The support of the continuous improvement process including the processing of complaints and the derivation of improvement measures.
Ensuring compliance with laws, regulations and internal guidelines, including documentation.
Inventory checks, taking inventories and checking stock withdrawals.
The maintenance of the equipment through regular visual and functional checks as well as monitoring of the maintenance intervals.


We wish from you:

Ideally, successfully completed vocational training (lateral entrants are also welcome) with several years of professional experience in logistics.
You have already gained initial experience in leading and motivating employees.
You have very good computer skills and are familiar with working with an ERP system.
You may already have knowledge of handling hazardous substances or even completed further training in this area.
You are characterized by an independent, careful and structured way of working.
You are a communicative team player with a good deal of organizational skills.
A valid forklift license is desirable.


This is what you can expect from us:

An air-conditioned workplace with a future with a permanent employment contract.
Lived work-life balance through flexible working time models and only 38 hours in full-time employment.
Attractive social benefits, e.g. SODEXO Benefits Pass, recreation allowance, childcare allowance and much more.
Diverse health and sports offerings with in-house fitness area and massage offerings.
Individually tailored development and further training offers.
Our location is in the countryside. We don't know of any parking problems or traffic jams on arrival and departure.


Would you like to change? That stays between us!
If you are in an employment relationship that has not been terminated, we will of course assure you of the utmost confidentiality of your application.

This is how it goes on:
Please apply directly online by emailing us your application to karriere@brewes.de. If you have any questions, please use the contact details of Ms. Theresa Tippelt in advance: karriere@brewes.de or +49 35829 628-842.

We look forward to seeing you!	Specialist - Warehouse Logistics	None	2023-03-07 16:02:46.932000
