8365	10970	Team Leader Recruiting (m/w/d)	How have we been so successful for over 100 years? We have the best talent, innovative thinkers and doers. As a recruiter (m/f/d) you make sure that SIXT becomes even better with every hire. Are you a HR manager (m/f/d) who is right for us? professionally and above all personally. With us you are not only a process virtuoso and area expert, but also applicant whisperer and diagnostics friend (m/f/d). With your eyes always in the direction of the goal ?the right people, in the right job? and the department under control. If you feel like making a difference, then we should get to know each other. From recruiter to recruiter (m/f/d): It's worth it, I promise! What you do with us: You and your team of four control the entire recruiting process for our global Call & Fulfillment Centers in Berlin and Rostock. You define efficient recruiting processes and are responsible for their smooth running along the entire candidate journey. You recognize scaling potential and use recruiting tools for constant further development and optimization. You also work operationally in the filling of functions up to division management level (in English as well) and ensure that applicants want to work for SIXT just as much as we already do do today. You like to try things out, find creative recruiting channels, develop new search strategies and sometimes think outside the box, always in close coordination with our Talent Marketing and Active Sourcing teams. You are a sparring partner at eye level for our hiring managers, and communicate regularly with our recruiting team Achieve success and sometimes say "no" with justification, even if the shoe pinches so much. You have a good instinct for talents and personalities and, as an absolute recruiting expert, like to share your knowledge. You act as a motivating manager (m/f/d) and a role model for your team. You always focus on the utilization and satisfaction of your employees, even in turbulent times. You can inspire others with your ideas and impulses, because the X in SIXT stands for eXcitement What you bring with you: You have successfully completed your studies with an HR focus or similar qualifications and already have several years of professional experience in recruiting, preferably in a dynamic in-house or service environment You are experienced in defining and implementing structures and processes for various specialist and management functions and can represent them at eye level with different stakeholders. You have already led or set up a recruiting team and control work processes efficiently and with foresight. Recruiting per se is a lot of fun for you and also with you. You also know the recruiting KPIs of your team when you are woken up at 4 a.m. and asked about them. ?Post and pray? doesn't exist with you, you work numbers-driven, Excel is your friend. You don't consider suitability diagnostics to be something that therapists and hospitals need. Do you speak English, as well as German, ?almost native? ? seriously Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane	Recruiter	None	2023-03-07 16:07:42.081000
