9311	11916	Team Leader Electrical (f/m/d)	If you want to work with us to implement interesting and challenging projects in the automotive sector and are looking for an attractive and varied job, Brunel is the right place for you. With us, you will build up cross-industry specialist knowledge and thus qualify on a broad basis, independent of the industry and flexibly for your further career path. Apply today to become a team leader for the electrical department and discover the diversity of engineering with Brunel.

Job description:
- As a team leader in the electrical department, you are responsible for planning, programming and automation. - In addition to ensuring the availability of hardware and software, you will also oversee the planning and commissioning of machines and systems as well as organizing the testing of electrical equipment and the energy supply. - In addition to being responsible for the budget, you will also create calculations and documentation in order to continuously develop existing technologies. - As a qualified electrician, you are the contact person for technical rules, laws, guidelines and regulations.

Your profile:
- Degree in electrical engineering, automation technology or a comparable qualification - First experience as a manager - Experience in the field of electrical engineering in industry desirable - Fluent German and English skills

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and by mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your Account Manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, exceptional career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole variety of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have more than 40 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and more than 120 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and more than 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Engineer - electrical engineering	As one of the leading engineering service providers within the DACH region and the Czech Republic, Brunel stands for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities in the range of modern engineering. Our 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries.	2023-03-07 16:09:38.040000
