1555	4160	Team leader production/maintenance m-w-d	W&F HR-Consulting is a top executive search company! (Headhunters)
We have focused on specific sectors and are "regionally the top personnel consultancy" for you! We focus on the search for professionals and executives m/f/d.

We reject temporary work!

Our client is a group of medium-sized companies in industrial technology and employs more than 800 people in 10 domestic and foreign companies worldwide. Electrical engineering parts are produced

Your tasks:
Planning of the production facilities (winding, welding, casting, testing)
Monitoring and ensuring production operations
Maintenance and repair work on the operating facilities
Monitoring and compliance with maintenance and repair specifications
Production accompanying quality control
Improvement of processes (CIP) on the machines and systems
Professional management and planning of employees
Active participation in the production facilities (as required)

Your profile:
You can successfully complete vocational training as a
Industrial mechanic, mechatronics technician or a comparable qualification
show
You have professional experience with production facilities and their maintenance
You are able to plan, coordinate and prioritize processes
You are motivated and want to help yourself
In case of substitution, you are ready to work in 2 shifts / on-call duty
You are quality-conscious, work carefully and precisely
You are a team player

What we offer:
Permanent employment
Secure, future-oriented workplace
Attractive salary
Company pension plan
30 days holiday
Targeted education and training opportunities
Diverse, interesting area of ​​responsibility
Colleagues who treat each other with respect and
stand up for each other

What do we need:

In advance, all we need is your CV. We don't need a cover letter in advance. You can register online at our home page

www.fe-hr.de

apply, or via email. Then we make an appointment for a short telephone interview. We will then get to know each other personally (we would be happy to do so via video meeting) and discuss the details (we would then need the complete application documents for this).

Of course, we always treat applicant data with absolute confidentiality!

And now we look forward to receiving your application and getting to know you!

You are welcome to send us your CV anyway, as we are constantly looking for nice, competent people.	Engineer - structural engineering	We have been active in personnel consulting and IT training for many years.
You don't apply to one company, we can usually offer you jobs at several companies. We will then work with you to find the right position.
The first step in applying to the company is always anonymous.
We value open communication between us and our customers.

Send us your detailed application. We look forward to seeing you!	2023-03-07 15:53:44.258000
