8276	10881	Team leader reception (m/f/d)	HENRI HOTELS THERE?S NOTHING LIKE HENRI HENRI Hotels are urban boutique hotels with that certain something: genuine hospitality meets retro chic. A home for the moment. A place to calm down? a place of retreat from the hustle and bustle of the big city, where you can let go of everything. HENRI Hotels ? Always in the heart of the city and on the pulse of what's happening: With individual style and an authentic look, HENRI is at home in selected metropolises. The incomparable flair attracts individualists as well as business travellers. Incidentally, HENRI allows a wide variety of people to meet each other every day: Urban Citizens, Business People and City Tourists. See you at HENRI! HENRI HOTEL HAMBURG DOWNTOWN In the middle of the Hanseatic city, not far from the main train station, the HENRI Hamburg is located with its 65 studios in a 1950s/60s office building. Reception and bar are one here, as is HENRI?s compact spa & gym. And just like at home, everyone can access the kitchen and living room for themselves? from breakfast to the legendary evening meal. EVERY JOB SHOULD BE A HENRI JOB The reception supervisor knows the work at reception and the processes in reservations like the back of his hand and he can pass this on to his colleagues. He knows how to pull people along and no complaint will faze him. Sometimes he revolutionizes the reception counter ... and sometimes he entertains the guests with a mischievous grin and a wink at dinner with a light snack - in any case, he is always motivated and has organizational talent at the start. In other words, the tasks are: Instruction of the reception team and cooperation in all FO matters Support and advice for the guests Processing of reservations and an optimal turnover control Bar activities according to the HENRI concept Management of the hotel cash register, billing and accounts receivable Close cooperation with housekeeping IN THE MOOD FOR HENRI? You are? ?A HOST. Host with enthusiasm. Cosmopolitan, relaxed, empathetic, casual. ?AUTHENTIC. Stylish, original. You like to use your own head to help shape things. ?A LOCAL. In the heart. You rave about your city, your neighborhood, your HENRI. ?INDIVIDUAL. You just as much as HENRI. conventions? Heard it before, but with a wink for us. ?A PROFESSIONAL. First experience in the hotel industry, good knowledge of German and reliability are a matter of course for you - as well as enjoying your job and sometimes simply thinking outside the box. Those who love HENRI can grow with HENRI, whether young or old. FROM HENRI FOR YOU HENRI is looking for long-term: That's why there is a permanent employment contract HENRI loves leisure: 5-day week with detailed time recording HENRI wants you to come to work relaxed: That's why he gives you a subsidy for your local transport ticket HENRI pays fair: payment according to collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses as well as supplements for night work HENRI likes to travel: That’s why there are travel concessions for family members and friends in all HENRI hotels, aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel Neptun and he has discounts agreed with other partners HENRI plans ahead: With the company pension scheme, he is already thinking about tomorrow HENRI health is important: That's why there is free supplementary company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses HENRI provides training: The internal training and further education program CAMPUS holds for everyone suitable training HENRI continues to develop: A strong family behind you offers opportunities for further development in Germany, Austria and Switzerland HENRI looks forward to new friends: Recommendations are rewarded HENRI likes to shop: with its Bonago card at over 200 premium partners as well as at Corporate Benefits with the best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers HENRI likes to celebrate: You can look forward to team events with fun, jokes and dollery. ANY QUESTIONS? No shyness. Write us! Tell us what you have done professionally so far and what experience you bring with you. APPLICATION? AS SIMPLE AS HENRI! CV + love letter, selfie, video ? Whatever you like ? send it to us! Tell us who you are and what you can do. Your contact: Henri HENRI Hotel Hamburg Downtown Bugenhagenstraße 21 20095 Hamburg Email: jobs@henri-hotels.com www.henri-hotels.com	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:31.150000
