7525	10130	Team leader reservation m/f/d	That's us You want to be part of something special and make a difference? We offer you the space and give you the trust! We are the heart of the tropics! A functioning team and the well-being of each individual is the best prerequisite for us to be successful together. That's why our 22 teams work closely together. Our hands create the magic that makes Tropical Islands so unique. Come on board, we look forward to seeing you! As team leader of the reservation & call center, you and your team are the first point of contact with our guests. With your organizational talent, you ensure that the workflow runs smoothly at all times, including independent work deployment planning for the team in the department and thus make a decisive contribution to guest satisfaction. Creativity, fun selling, flexibility and good rhetorical skills are required for advice in German and English by telephone and email. We offer you a flexible assignment with proportionate work from home via remote. What we expect from you Professional experience: First management experience in a call center, reservation or similar activity desirable Requirements: Pleasant telephone voice and professional, guest-oriented behavior, organizational talent Knowledge: Confident use of MS Office programs and a good understanding of hotel software and PMS systems Language skills: German and English fluent in spoken and written Characteristics: You are sociable, team player, reliable, customer-oriented and stress-resistant Employee benefits We want you to be motivated. Perks: Discounts on in-house products and services. Private use: Free entry to Tropical Islands ? also after work as well as free ticket campaigns for families and friends. Development: Extensive training and further education opportunities. Meals: discounted and extensive range of food and drinks in our staff restaurant. Clothing: Free service clothing, including laundry service. Working time: Various working time models ? including full and part-time jobs and seasonal employment. Events: Annual staff parties, Christmas parties and various team buildings. Shuttle Service: Free shuttle bus from Brand Tropical Islands train station. to the resort and back again. Parking: A sufficient number of free employee parking spaces are available. South Seas feeling: A unique place to work.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:05:58.943000
