6074	8679	Team leader: in Oberleitung, Wustermark, Germany	Team leader in catenary specialist Team leader in catenary Wustermark, Germany Start date May 1, 2023 DB Netz AG Operations & Maintenance Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 204655 Job Ref. 178461 2 Job description We are looking for you as a team leader in overhead line (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Wustermark location as soon as possible. Your tasks As a team leader in the area of ​​overhead line, you will take over the technical management of the assigned employees (approx. 10 employees). You are responsible for the professional, timely and cost-optimized inspection, maintenance and repair work on our infrastructure systems of the overhead line in the network districts of Wustermark and Bernau You are also responsible for the timely processing of reports in the integrated feedback tool (IRT) or order confirmation in SAP. You take on a large part of the transfer of specialist knowledge in connection with changes to regulations. You are also responsible for the analysis of system faults and system-specific weak points as well as the material planning for maintenance and Fault clearance and monitoring You support your district manager in assuming responsibility for the system and are responsible for properly securing you and your assigned employees against dangers from railway operations. Your profile You have completed further training to become an IHK master (specializing in electrical engineering) and also have You have sound professional experience in the field of overhead management. You have extensive specialist knowledge and several years of experience in the field of repair work on infrastructure systems. You ideally have some management experience and know how to motivate your team. You are also both empathetic and assertive. You have mastered the common tools in MS Office You and ideally you are also familiar with SAP You are willing to take part in the on-call service regularly (usually every 4 weeks) Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Operations manager - commercial	None	2023-03-07 16:03:01.419000
