8408	11013	Team Assistant/ Assistant to the Division Manager (m/f/d)	Do you enjoy the areas of appointment coordination, correspondence, business trip planning, event organization and research? Then we are looking for you and can offer you a varied and exciting job. To strengthen our corporate sales team, we are looking for a team assistant/assistant to the division manager (m/f/d) as soon as possible. Have you already gained several years of professional experience in a comparable position and would you like to be part of a dynamic and international team? Then apply now as a team assistant/assistant to the division manager (m/f/d) at SIXT and give us full throttle in our international expansion! What you do with us: You are the right hand of the division manager and, in addition to travel expense accounting and organizational and administrative tasks, you are also responsible for smaller special projects. You design and organize internal and external appointments, meetings and events and take on the travel coordination. You are responsible for the organizational charts of the departments, creation of presentation documents, as well as support in the preparation of protocols or data analyzes You appreciate being able to keep an eye on everything: deadlines, company-relevant topics and contact persons You see yourself as a contact person for customers, visitors and employees for various inquiries and to-dos handle all secretarial tasks that arise on an international level independently and extremely reliably What you bring with you: You have successfully completed a commercial apprenticeship, e.g. in the field of foreign languages, hotel management or office communication and you have professional experience in an assistant function You work in a structured, problem-solving-oriented, reliable manner and can quickly adapt to incorporate new areas of responsibility You have a high level of service orientation, a sense of responsibility, reliability and discretion You are familiar with the common MS Office programs (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and like to familiarize yourself with new applications You have a very good one written and oral expression in German and English. You also have intercultural skills and like to network Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: At SIXT, we stand for premium quality in sales as well as our vehicles. The customer is the king. As one of the most innovative, fastest growing and most profitable mobility companies worldwide, the customer is always the focus of all actions for SIXT. Our sales as the most important bridge to our customers enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and to intensively support SIXT in its international expansion. Sales at SIXT stands for a dynamic working atmosphere, innovative products and excellent service quality. ex	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.363000
