7897	10502	Team Lead Pricing & Commercial Development (m/w/d)	Are you interested in tomorrow's mobility solutions and want to take responsibility for pricing and product design for corporate customers in the area of ​​revenue management? You have experience in or with B2B sales, know what is important to corporate customers and can use this knowledge to ensure that sales and earnings targets are achieved in the B2B channel. Then join our Revenue Management team in Munich as Team Lead Pricing & Commercial Development B2B (m/f/d). What you do with us: You assume responsibility as the team leader of a motivated and energetic team with many years of experience in the field of B2B pricing. In the department ?Pricing & Commercial Development? You are a commercial expert for the B2B channel and in this function you ensure that the B2B channel achieves its goals. You are responsible for cross-border market and profit-oriented product and pricing for corporate customers and develop a strategy together with the channel, weighing up financial and qualitative goals. You coordinate varied requirements from the markets and from corporate customers ? from start-ups to large corporations ? and make sure that the best possible solution is found and implemented. You work together with our global B2B sales team, develop new and optimize existing products and mobility solutions for our customers. You carry out systematic observations, analyzes and profitability checks for the B2B channel and, together with the markets, derive concrete measures and decisions. What you bring with you: You have successfully completed a degree in the commercial field (business administration, economics or similar) and already have in-depth professional experience in sales, sales management or other sales-related functions You have ideally already gained management experience You combine entrepreneurship with analytical acumen You have a strong analytical, Networked way of thinking and pronounced understanding of numbers, are technically adept, conceptually strong and practiced in using Excel and in the implementation of projects with a high impact You are strong in communication and assertiveness in German and English and you enjoy this strength in ensuring the corporate goals across teams You not only motivate your team, but also your colleagues and have a confident demeanor in relation to top management. Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margin-optimizing product and price management for all business areas and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. Yield management is primarily concerned with maximizing yield through use- and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Here questions such as planning the size of the fleet	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:44.673000
