8161	10766	Team leader guest service (m/f/d)	Dreams come true at LEGOLAND® Deutschland Resort with 64 attractions, 10 themed areas and over 55 million LEGO® bricks ? It doesn't matter whether it's a wild roller coaster ride, a journey through Europe or an excursion to unseen underwater worlds. We have up to 1,100 exciting and unusual seasonal jobs waiting for you in full-time, part-time, on a marginal basis or as a holiday job. Together with around 250 year-round employees, we prepare our guests an unforgettable visit experience. On request, we will be happy to check whether we can offer you accommodation in our staff accommodation. Ready for something new? Apply now! Your heart beats for good guest service? Do you enjoy working with our friendly team to ensure that our guests are completely satisfied and can enjoy their stay in our amusement park? Then apply to us for a limited period of 2 years as a team leader in guest service (m/f/d) These tasks await you with us: - You ensure the day-to-day operations of the guest service department. -          You carry out training and instruction for our seasonal employees and assume personnel responsibility for your area. -          You will carry out regular briefings independently. -          You will work with various operational and administrative departments at LEGOLAND. -          Together as a team you will help ensure the satisfaction of our guests. You should have the following qualifications: - A completed commercial apprenticeship is an advantage. -          Excellent communication skills and team spirit are a matter of course for you. -          You enjoy the role of an excellent host and enjoy dealing with families and children. - We require technical understanding and interest in IT systems. -          Good written and spoken German and English skills complete your profile (knowledge of other foreign languages ​​is an advantage). We look forward to seeing you! Please send us your application documents preferably by email to jobs@LEGOLAND.de or by post to: LEGOLAND Deutschland Freizeitpark GmbH Personnel Office LEGOLAND Allee 1 89312 Günzburg	guest attendant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:17.119000
