8016	10621	Team Leader Account Management (m/f/d)	"Together we are strong" is more than just a saying for you? Is challenge just as important to you as responsibility? We have a great job in sales for everyone who likes to cherish and care for their existing customer base, who would like to expand their portfolio and, in addition to a sustainable and close customer relationship, also want to bring in a really good return! We are looking for a likeable and hungry Account Management Team Leader (m/f/d) in Rostock as soon as possible, who likes to go the extra mile over and over again. We give you the best basis for an effective B2B service: a well-known quality brand with well thought-out, innovative and individual products. Do you have any questions about the position? Call me: +49 89 744444409. We look forward to seeing you! What you do with us: You lead with heart, are responsible for approx. 15 employees and are available to your team for all questions relating to day-to-day business. You are responsible for achieving sales goals. You ensure consistently high quality in the Support for our customers and ensure that all processes run smoothly   You create and analyze statistics and reports and derive necessary measures from them You control the productivity of your team through suitable KPIs and employee-oriented motivation   You are responsible for the further development of the individual team members through training and coaching responsible. You conduct appraisal interviews and assessments You accompany the creation of complex and individual offers What you bring with you: You have completed professional training with sound experience in the field of B2B sales or key account management preferably with a focus on telesales You have many years of well-founded sales expert management experience as a supervisor, team lead (m/f/d) or in a similar management position and you are a team player You have excellent communication skills and are confident in conducting discussions, even in critical situations You know how to convey expectations and motivate people You love to analyze structures and work processes, and establish improvements in a team You are open-minded, communicative and have very good knowledge of German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 ? for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: At SIXT, we stand for premium quality in sales as well as our vehicles. The customer is the king. As one of the most innovative, fastest growing and most profitable mobility companies worldwide, the customer is always the focus of all actions for SIXT. Our sales as the most important bridge to our customers enables us to further expand our market leadership in Germany and to intensively support SIXT in its international expansion. Sales at SIXT stands for a dynamic working atmosphere, innovative products and excellent service quality. About us: We are a leading global mobility service	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:59.320000
