7824	10429	Team Leader Talent Sourcing (m/f/d)	Have you been relying not only on job advertisements for a long time, but see enormous potential for finding the best talent through active sourcing? As early as 2013, we at SIXT recognized that ?Post and Pray? didn't work and set up an in-house talent sourcing team. Do you have several years of experience in directly approaching candidates as well as initial management experience? Leading our successful headhunter team as a competent and communicative leader sounds like your next challenge to you? Then we look forward to receiving your application! What you do with us: You lead the 9-strong talent sourcing team both professionally and disciplinary and ensure that the sourcing process runs smoothly You continuously optimize the distribution of tasks and the development of skills in the team You use KPIs to generate quantifiable strategic and operational sourcing Setting goals and achieving them together with the team You are responsible for the further development of the sourcing processes and associated channels You are always available as a contact person for recruiters, hiring managers and senior management to support the search process for top talent What you bring with you: You have completed a degree in business administration or comparable training You have several years of professional experience in the field of active sourcing / executive search and have already gained your first management experience You are well-versed in using Microsoft Excel and have very good analytical skills You see yourself as a strong communicator and empathetic person with hands-on mentality and assertiveness You speak fluent German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the support, further development and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of new work, transformation support, HR systems and people analytics. The promotion of innovation, a working environment in which everyone feels comfortable and in which future-oriented work is valued are some of our most important goals, which we work towards every day. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million	Head - Human Resources	None	2023-03-07 16:06:35.732000
