7996	10601	Team leader bar / bar manager (m/f/d)	Woken up in the morning by the sound of the Baltic Sea and rocked to sleep in the evening! That's our groemitz. We welcome our guests to our comfortable hotel in one of the most popular lidos in Germany, right on the beach promenade. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Woken up in the morning by the sound of the Baltic Sea and rocked to sleep in the evening! That's our groemitz. In one of the most popular lidos in Germany, right on the beach promenade, we welcome our guests to our comfortable hotel and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: You are our host from the heart: Your welcome and farewell for our guests are warm and sincere A sparkling cocktail or a delicious drink: You provide our guests with mixing at the bar? Mix! You make sure that your work area always looks great As bar manager, your team can turn to you with confidence You make your team fit for the job at the bar and so that our guests are happy You bring with you: You feel like dealing with guests and colleagues Best thing about your whole job Well-founded experience in the bar area Experience as a team leader or deputy You are responsible and work independently You always have your bar, the stock and the quality under control You support your colleagues and show full commitment If you know Matrix POS? Excellent! If not, we'll teach you everything you need to know. Your attitude: shaken, not stirred. We offer you: An open-ended employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA Resorts, HENRI Hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further training program Do you always stay up to date Want to see something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact aja Grömitz Am Strande 35 23743 Grömitz Ms. Patricia Jansen Administration Grömitz +49 (0) 456 250 99 2556 verwaltung.groemitz@ajaresorts.de www.aja.de	Bar-Chef/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:56.838000
