6190	8795	Team leader construction management (m/f/d)	Your future at WSW

  As a modern energy supplier and efficiency service provider, WSW Energie & Wasser AG supplies private customers in Wuppertal as well as business and industrial customers throughout Germany with electricity, natural gas, heat and energy-related services. On behalf of the city of Wuppertal, WSW operates the city drainage and drinking water treatment and distribution for 360,000 people in Wuppertal. WSW Energie & Wasser AG is part of the WSW Group with around 3300 employees.



  Network management and network service are located at WSW Energie & Wasser AG. The "Planning and Construction" department is responsible for planning and projecting the infrastructure for drainage, electricity, gas, water and district heating. For our "Planning and Construction" department, the position is as soon as possible
   Team leader construction management (m/f/d)
    to occupy.
Your tasks:

Management of the team, site management for infrastructure, new construction and renovation, electricity, gas, water, urban drainage and district heating
Management of a motivated and qualified team
Ensuring the cross-divisional coordination of construction projects in the area of ​​the above-mentioned infrastructures with contractors, WSW participants, engineering offices, authorities, residents and customers as well as political bodies.
Ensuring quality assurance of the trades created (assets) and thus guaranteeing long-term functional reliability
Advice and support for the department management in all questions relating to construction projects.
Representation of the client WSW in the execution phase towards external contractors and towards all supervisory authorities

your profile

Completed university degree in civil engineering or supply engineering or a comparable qualification
Expertise and application experience in urban water management and in civil engineering and road construction.
Additional knowledge in the sub-areas of gas, water, electricity, district heating supply, urban drainage and road construction.
Sound knowledge of the legal (e.g. VOB, UVV) and technical rules (e.g. DVGW, ATV).
Entrepreneurial personality with a high degree of willingness to make decisions
Motivational skills and good communication skills
Good Office, PC and SAP skills and driving license class B

We offer: The contract conditions are based on the TV-V (collective agreement for utilities). We also offer an additional pension scheme and attractive social benefits.


   This full-time position can also be filled with part-time employees if it can be ensured by agreement that operational processes are taken into account.
  The WSW group of companies promotes professional equality for all genders. Applications from people with disabilities are welcomed with interest.

Your application:
    Please send your application documents, stating your desired salary and the earliest possible starting date, to our personnel officer, Mr. Hiller, at jobservice24@wsw-online.de. Please state the reference number 23573H on your application.


WSW

              Wuppertal Stadtwerke GmbH


 42271 Wuppertal

www.wsw-online.de	site manager	None	2023-03-07 16:03:15.710000
