6160	8765	Team leader in sales (m/f/d)	We are:
  A medium-sized company and leading provider of technically sophisticated products and solutions in elastomer and sealing technology for numerous industrial sectors. Committed and technically competent, we offer our worldwide customer base an all-round service and trend-setting solutions for challenging applications.

Are you a passionate seller? Eager to learn something new and ready to get started? Then you are exactly right with us


Team leader in sales (m/f/d)

    Become part of the successful ULMAN team! We offer you new challenges in an agile, successful company and motivated teams who respectfully exchange ideas and support each other.


Your tasks include:

Leading, developing and developing your sales team
Custom project management
Commercial transaction processing for defined existing customers
Responsible for customer and sales acquisition
Sales responsibility and annual budget planning for your team
Controlling of the team key figures
Complaints management in cooperation with specialist departments
Active cooperation with internal and external partners
To increase our economic success together with your team
The implementation of our corporate goals

You are a good match for us if:

You have completed commercial training in industry and sales and have professional experience
You have an understanding of technical products, ideally in the field of elastomer/sealing technology
You have leadership experience and are a team player
You bring a positive attitude with you
You use your communication skills to establish and expand the proximity to our customers
You have good knowledge of German and English
You are reliable and flexible, and you can cope well with new situations
You are confident in using Microsoft Office as well as IT and ERP programs

You can expect:

Versatile, exciting and responsible tasks in a dynamic work environment
Independent work
For your success, short and quick decision-making processes
Specialist support and training
A modern and ergonomic workplace
A permanent employment contract
Not only an attractive salary for your commitment, but also a share in the company's success
Flexible working time models and secure holiday planning
Corporate benefits, job bike and much more m.
Team/employee events in a family atmosphere

       Your satisfaction as an employee* is our top priority. For us, people count, not gender. It is important to us that you are passionate about the job and that you fit in with us.
    This is how we grow together to grow together.

Do you feel addressed?

  Then take your career into your own hands and send your detailed application documents, stating your earliest possible availability and your salary expectations, to:
  ULMAN Sealing Technology GmbH, z. Hd. Mrs. Kristin Jakobi, Max-Planck-Str. 32, 71116 Gärtringen
  or by email: kristin.jakobi@ulman.de	Group and team leader	None	2023-03-07 16:03:12.009000
