8173	10778	Team Lead Online Analytics (m/f/d)	Online is not only the largest sales channel for SIXT but also the central touchpoint for offering customers our Rent, Ride, Share, and mobility subscription products via web and app. To manage this fast, international, and versatile sales channel, it is essential to have a meaningful and timely set of figures. The Online Analytics team provides and continuously develops this world of numbers. You are thus working at the heart of the channel that makes SIXT successful. We are looking for a Team Lead (m/f/d) for the Online Analytics team at our global headquarters in Pullach near Munich. Sounds interesting? Then apply now! What you will do: You are responsible for the reporting and data landscape as well as the delivery of ad-hoc reports for the online marketing department You see yourself as an enabler of your stakeholders, propose innovative reports and processes for faster and/or more accurate results, build and refine predictive analytics models and continuously evolve the existing reporting landscape You define new reporting requirements with key stakeholders, manage and prioritize the backlog of development ideas and ensure timely and high-quality implementation You lead a team of data analysts in disciplinary and technical terms, coach them and develop them in a targeted manner You work closely with the business teams, central BI, and Data Science About you: You hold a university degree and have several years of experience in the field of analytics, in particular, you have gained profound experience with SQL, analytics tools (e.g., rStudio, Python) as well as dashboard tools (e.g, Google Looker. Quicksight, Tableau) and are willing to use them yourself and share the knowledge in the team You have a strong analytical mindset, extensive knowledge of eCommerce, enjoy conceptual tasks and are therefore able to understand and solve relevant business requests You are experienced in managing interfaces, know how to work out a compromise from different points of view, and are assertive towards stakeholders You have a service mentality; you are fluent in written and spoken English and you are result-oriented You have (desirably) first experience as a manager (m/f/d) Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. Due to the current situation, we are of course working completely in mobile work wherever possible. But even under normal conditions, from now on you can decide from where you want to approach your work: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, of which up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, we are ahead of the game. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have won many awards in the past. If you are a natural creative talent and you know exactly how to win over customers with your communication skills, then apply here now! You have the opportunity to expand SIXT's market leadership with us in Germany and to conquer Europe. About us: We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of ?1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (	Business-Analyst/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.588000
