8405	11010	Team Leader Performance Marketing - HR (m/f/d)	How have we been so successful for over a hundred years? We have the best talent, innovative thinkers and doers. As Team Leader HR Performance Marketing (m/f/d) you make sure that SIXT becomes even better with every hire. Your team of performance and social media managers will find the right candidates for our recruiters. Do you come from performance & online marketing, are KPI focused and want to make SIXT even better with your team? Terms like SMO, SEO and LTV:CAC are not just buzz words for you, but essential tools and methods? If you feel like making a difference, then we should get to know each other. It's worth it, I promise! What you do with us: With your five-strong team, you control the entire performance marketing and social media for the sustainable strengthening and successful positioning of the employer brand SIXT in Germany - together you really put horsepower on the road, which is lead intake, SEO & performance optimization and social As far as media activities are concerned, you are responsible for the strategic and content-related development of all performance and social media activities, including content and campaign planning, from conception and implementation, tracking including attribution models, to the quality assurance of all campaigns; You will also control external service providers and agencies. You will be involved in the implementation of the campaigns yourself, question the status quo, inspire with innovative and creative ideas and implement them efficiently in new strategies. You will define goals, develop the channel mix and identify Scaling potential and adjust budgets with a successful media mix and attribution modeling as well as the derivation of learnings As a motivating manager (m/f/d) and role model for your team, you always focus on the utilization and satisfaction of your employees. You can inspire others with your ideas and impulses, because the X in SIXT stands for eXcitement What you bring with you: You have successfully completed your studies with a focus on online marketing or a similar qualification and already have several years of professional experience in performance or online marketing, preferably in one dynamic environment You are confident in dealing with SEO and web analysis tools (Google Analytics, Key Word Tools), as well as dashboards, derive recommendations for action from the monitoring and analysis You define KPIs and implement them in performance marketing campaigns to accompany the strategy - opposite You can represent them at eye level with various stakeholders You bring strong analytical skills and interest in data-driven and result-oriented work and can also inspire and develop the team in this way You speak fluent German and English and have strong management experience Additional information Working at SIXT does not only mean that to create the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. Specifically for you, this means: 30 days of vacation, support with your old-age provision and capital-forming benefits, company car and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development.? Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. your work	Online Marketing Manager	None	2023-03-07 16:07:46.994000
