7805	10410	Team leader claims management (m/f/d)	Even in the event of a total loss, does your blood pressure remain stable? While others are still looking for the way, have you already reached your goal? Then you have the SIXT style! Our international claims team is looking for an empathetic team leader (m/f/d) who likes to think out-of-the-box. Be there and develop your 15-strong team, question processes and create a new SIXT Spirit! Apply now - we look forward to seeing you! What you do with us: You are responsible for the disciplinary leadership, development, motivation and onboarding of your 15-strong international team, which you always succeed in thanks to your high empathy with our motto "good is not good when better is expected". You meet our high service and quality standards and recognize qualitative or quantitative development potential. You face difficult decisions and find unconventional solutions. You are responsible for day-to-day operations and the achievement of our monthly and annual team goals What you bring to the table: You already have several years of professional experience in technical and disciplinary areas Leadership of employees (m/f/d) and a real desire to lead an international team You have very good knowledge of German and English You have an understanding of business and can think entrepreneurially You have creative ideas to motivate your team encourage and develop You feel confident in dealing with the complete Office package, especially with Excel You convince with your positive attitude, you are strong in communication and structured You are passionate about juggling various KPIs and deriving the optimal measures Additional information Working at SIXT means not only creating the future of mobility, but also offering personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. About the department: Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects and have responsibility for their team. You need support for appointments, calendar maintenance, communication, processing and many daily issues. Cleverness and thinking outside the box is required in our assistant functions, many topics, including confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues facilitates cooperation. Keeping your back free for content-related topics and making everyday work work is a daily challenge here. In a great team that sticks together, however, these challenges are easy to master. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service come first	Office assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:33.293000
