9304	11909	Technical purchasing (f/m/d)	Discover with Brunel the opportunity to use the knowledge you have gathered so far. With us you will implement interesting and challenging projects and get the opportunity to gain insight into group structures. You can shape your career across sectors or use us as a stepping stone for a long-term perspective on site. Apply today to Brunel as a project buyer and become part of a motivated and strong team to support our well-known project partners!

Job description:
You will be responsible for procurement marketing, supplier selection and supplier evaluation.
- You will also take care of the maintenance and development of the existing supplier base and the qualification of the suppliers. Close cooperation and coordination with the departments development, disposition, production and quality control. Finally, you will process complaints, invoice discrepancies and support technical sales in the project planning phase.

Your profile:
You have a successfully completed degree in business administration, training in the commercial or technical field or further training as a technician or business economist with several years of professional experience. You have very good commercial and technical understanding as well as experience in the purchase of mechanical components.
- Basic knowledge of SAP, MS Dynamics or comparable ERP systems and good MS Office skills, especially Excel and Word, are desirable.
- Business fluent German and fluent spoken and written English complete your profile.

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our colleagues and projects, as well as by mutual respect - between colleagues at all levels of the company. In addition to good relationships within the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular perspective and development talks so that you can develop optimally with us. Permanent employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us. Have we aroused your interest? - Then please send us your application documents using our online form "My Brunel", stating the reference number mentioned, your salary expectations and your earliest possible starting date.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means diversity - from medium-sized companies to hidden champions to DAX companies; whether road, ship, rail, air or space; traditional or innovative; from development to finished product; national or international; from young professionals to highly experienced professionals. We offer you countless opportunities to help shape technological progress, and all of this with a single employer.	buyer	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:37.185000
