8508	11113	Technical employee (d|m|f)	TECHNICAL EMPLOYEE (D|M|W)

for the project "NEFTON"

* as soon as possible
* TC Platling
* Full-time, limited to two years
* Application deadline: January 8, 2023

MAIN TASKS

At our Technology Campus Plattling, you will be responsible for the construction of circuit boards and switching cells for power electronics and for working on research projects in the field of electromobility.

Your other tasks include the maintenance and repair of the machines and devices of the research institute.

You are responsible for the procurement of laboratory equipment and electronic components as well as for safety compliance in the power electronics laboratory.

YOUR PROFILE

You have completed training in electrical engineering, completed training as a technician in electrical engineering or a comparable qualification.

Initial practical experience in the construction of electrical / electronic assemblies and knowledge of soldering are required for the position. Good manual skills and a high degree of practical intelligence are also advantageous.

Team work, communication skills, a motivated, structured and independent way of working as well as good communication skills in German and English complete your profile.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The THD is not only the most research-intensive and most international university in Bavaria, it is also considered to be the fastest growing. The foundation is formed by eight faculties for business, technology, health and computer science, whose focus is on practice-oriented and future-oriented teaching and applied research at the highest level. A wide variety of support offers, such as a regular onboarding event, guarantee you a smooth start in your new job. You also benefit from good transport connections, nearby city and nature, with leisure activities for every taste. The progress and constant growth of our university would be unthinkable without a diverse community - let yourself be inspired by the dynamic and young spirit of our university family.

WE OFFER YOU

good
work-life balance

an international one
Environment

benefits of the public
service

You can find our other benefits at www.th-deg.de/arbeiten-an-der-thd [http://www.th-deg.de/arbeiten-an-der-thd]!

CONTACT & APPLICATION

If you are interested in a position at the Deggendorf University of Applied Sciences, we look forward to receiving your application with the usual documents (curriculum vitae, certificates, proof of non-professional career and the relevant subject-related references) via our application management at www.th-deg.de/stellenangebote.Questions about the application process Our HRM team will answer you. You are also welcome to connect with us via LinkedIn!

The position is basically part-time. Remuneration is based on the provisions of TV-L.
The position is suitable for people with severe disabilities. Severely disabled applicants will be given preference if they are otherwise essentially equally qualified.

In the case of foreign university degrees, a certificate evaluation from the ZAB must be submitted for the final assessment of the employment requirements in the course of the recruitment process (https://www.kmk.org/zab/zeugnisvaluation.html).

OUR AWARDS

WURI (Worlds Universities with Real Impact) Ranking:

Entrepreneurial Spirit: rank 5 worldwide
Industrial Application: rank 29 worldwide
Most Innovative University: rank 29 worldwide

System accreditation (since October 2020):

U-Multirank awards for:

"International Orientation of Degree Programs"
"Contact to Work Environment"

and many more:

© THD Deggendorf - all rights reserved	Electrotechnical/r Assistant/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:59.628000
