3580	6185	technical project engineer - food industry (m/f/d)	apetito - a successful family business in which values ​​such as sustainability, customer proximity and fairness are lived. We have been pursuing one goal since 1958: to cook good food for young and old. For this we need passionate employees with good taste. With us you can contribute your own personal strengths. There's no food envy here, I promise - but lots of togetherness. Job security included!

 

Become part of our team as well

Senior Project Manager Engineering (m/f/d) in the field of food production

at the Rheine site

You control and are responsible for the planning and implementation of technical projects and investments, taking into account the specified deadlines and budgets. In addition, the following tasks are part of your area of ​​responsibility:

Support and monitoring of ongoing projects and measures as well as ensuring proper technical implementation
Development of a decision matrix of solution variants for project team decisions
Creation of specifications / specifications in cooperation with the departments
Interface to external planners and internally related departments throughout the project period
Participation in award talks and the subsequent supplier decision (together with the department and the purchasing department)
Continuous market observation and analysis as well as contact person for potential suppliers


 
 If you are a highly committed personality with strong communication and organizational skills, you have come to the right place as a Senior Project Manager Engineering (m/f/d)! They also convince us with:


A successfully completed technical degree (e.g. mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, process engineering or a related course)
Several years of professional experience as a technical project engineer in the production environment, ideally in the food industry
Knowledge of interlinked systems and automation technology
Project management experience in the support and implementation of large projects
A strong curiosity, the courage to discover new things and a forward-looking and structured way of working
  


Motivating working conditions and an environment in which you can feel comfortable and grow personally
Partnership and open corporate culture with short decision-making processes
A performance-based salary and a holiday allowance of €2,500
30 1 vacation days per year
Own company restaurant with additional meal allowance
Capital-forming benefits and company pension schemes
Support in reconciling family and work


Cooking is our passion! We provide schools & daycare centers, companies, clinics and senior citizens' facilities with suitable catering concepts. Our menu service brings enjoyment right to the front door. Over 4,700 employees work on our mission: apetito. Just keep getting better.	Engineer - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:53.640000
