9422	12027	Technical clerk (f/m/d)	You are a maintenance worker with body and soul and want to swap your tool box for an office job and use your specialist knowledge in the process. Then take the decisive step in your career, apply to Brunel and experience the diversity of engineering with us. Because we are looking for you as a technical clerk.

Job description:
You carry out assessments and approvals of defense equipment using an inspection report. You accompany and record the delivery and collection of the equipment and check incoming and outgoing goods. With your strong communication skills and organizational skills, you coordinate subcontractors and correspond with customers and users. Your opinion is in demand, because you support them with your expertise the team

Your profile:
You have completed training as a technician or master craftsman in the fields of electrical engineering or mechatronics. You have strong communication skills and enjoy working in a team. Experience in the maintenance processes of the German armed forces would be desirable. Ideally, you also have contact with the Patriot anti-aircraft missile system

We offer:
We offer you a corporate culture that is characterized by the diversity of our employees and mutual respect - between employees and at all levels of the company. In addition to varied get-togethers with the local Brunel teams, this also includes regular feedback discussions about your challenges and perspectives with your account manager. With individual further education and training you will be optimally supported and prepared for future projects. Unlimited employment contracts, 30 days vacation, work account regulations and company, employer-financed pension schemes are a matter of course for us.

About Brunel:
Working at Brunel means: Attractive work tasks, extraordinary career prospects, the security of an expanding engineering service provider and the whole diversity of engineering and IT. In the DACH-CZ region alone, we have over 45 locations and development centers with accredited test laboratories and over 100 locations worldwide with more than 12,000 employees in over 40 countries. More than 45 years of international success and over 25 years in Germany. Standing still means going backwards - with Brunel you can make a difference!	Assistant - Technical Communication	Brunel is one of the leading engineering service providers in the DACH region and the Czech Republic. We stand for first-class project solutions and exceptional career opportunities across the entire spectrum of modern engineering. 3,200 engineers, computer scientists, technicians and managers ensure the sustainable success of our customers in a wide variety of industries - from medium-sized hidden champions to global players.	2023-03-07 16:09:51.722000
