7457	10062	Telephone Operator (m/w/d)	In accordance with our philosophy A WORLD OF ITSSELF, the Hotel Bayerischer Hof has embodied luxury, quality and first-class service since 1841. Our people are the solid foundation on which our quality rests and are the reason why we are able to offer our guests an unforgettable stay. We are always actively looking for committed employees who want to be part of our history and want to accompany the Hotel Bayerischer Hof into a successful future. We offer you: Performance-related remuneration Discounted MVG job ticket Staff restaurant combined with an employer’s meal allowance Inexpensive staff accommodation in the heart of Munich Flexible working hours and all the other advantages of an owner-managed luxury hotel As part of your work, you will carry out the following tasks, among other things: Answering and switching phone calls in accordance with the specified standards processing and distribution of messages, especially faxes for guests offering services for guests such as finding telephone numbers or addresses. Maintaining the phone files in the various software systems Accepting and processing wake-up calls Monitoring the fire alarm center and emergency calls from elevators, rooms and lifts and immediately correct forwarding of emergency calls and alarm messages Processing and forwarding e-mails You will fit in with us if you have the following qualifications : Successfully completed vocational training as a hotel specialist or comparable qualification Work experience in the switchboard would be an advantage Knowledge of using the hotel software Suite 8 and very good knowledge of Microsoft Office programs Very good knowledge of German and English; all other foreign languages ​​are an advantage     Absolute service orientation, high reliability and resilience as well as a careful way of working characterize you. We should get to know each other! Our dynamic and friendly team will actively train you and give you a warm welcome from the start. We offer you: performance-related remuneration discounted MVG job ticket inexpensive employee accommodation in the center of Munich flexible working hours and all the other advantages of an owner-managed luxury hotel employee canteen combined with a meal allowance from the employer   Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your comprehensive application including your CV, certificates and salary expectations with reference number. We ask for your understanding that only complete applications can be considered in our selection process.	receptionist	None	2023-03-07 16:05:50.567000
