5923	8528	Telesales employee (m/f/d) internal sales with at...	Logo: Raven51 AG Positioning employers, inspiring candidates, rethinking personnel marketing: Raven51 takes recruiting to a new level. With over 50 years of market experience, locations in Berlin, Frankfurt am Main and Karlsruhe and the concentrated expertise of more than 160 recruiting specialists, we are one of the TOP 5 HR marketing agencies in Germany. Our core competencies are employer branding & marketing, job advertising & traffic generation as well as recruiting services with a digital footprint, which we bundle into effective talent attraction strategies for our clients. Let us be your next career level. To strengthen our sales department in Frankfurt am Main (Fechenheim), we are now looking for several dedicated telesales employees (m/f/d) in the sales office with an attractive remuneration package, full-time office work Your job: NEXT LEVEL RECRUITING in practice Identifying: potential new customers for our online media you find unerring contact: you establish the initial contact with the customer by telephone and explore the customer-specific need for action initiate: you create the right offer for new customers and direct the sales measures update: with active data research and data maintenance you create excellent conditions for successful customer contact Your profile: Sales representative (m/f/d) with promotion skills Very good linguistic expression (German) You already have some professional experience in telephone sales or have a great passion for sales - motivated career changers are also welcome Strong communication skills Motivation, persuasion and communication skills Openness , curiosity and fun in success What we offer: Ideal framework conditions Work-life balance - with 30 days of vacation per year, mobile working up to three days per week and clearly regulated working hours, completely according to your needs (also part-time). Freedom – in our sales team, which will continue to grow in the future Appreciation – e.g. B. through our company pension scheme and a free company smartphone after one year of service. Further training - as part of the learning & development offers and subject-specific training courses at our in-house academy and using e-learning formats. Security - in a company with a history of more than 50 years. Have we sparked your interest? Then apply, stating the exact job title, your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date – preferably quickly and easily online. If this is not possible, send us your application by e-mail or by post. Apply now Any questions? Let us know! Our recruiting team will be happy to help you: Tel. 069 870086-422 / 069 870086-423 Email: tm@raven51.de Raven51 AG Carl-Benz-Strasse 21 60386 Frankfurt am Main www.raven51.de Logo: Raven51 AG	sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:02:42.748000
