7956	10561	Temporary service on a mini-job basis (m/f/d)	Come to Bad Saarow at the Scharmutzelsee! Right outside the gates of Berlin, but far away from everyday life. In the middle of a green park landscape and perfect for your work-life balance. There are plenty of leisure activities here. Here is also the only 5* superior golf course in Germany. And you can enjoy cosmopolitan flair in the exciting capital. Your Bad Saarow: Lunch break that tastes like vacation! You deserve it. Afterwards we continue. You look forward to it, even if it can get stressful. Just a moment to get some fresh air and relax. you think about yesterday Been on the bike at the Scharmutzelsee with two other vacationers. Leaves rustled in the wind. Feet cooled in crystal clear water. head free again. After work a short time in the a-spa. A few guests recognized you and greeted you warmly. Campus next week. experience something new. Just don't stand still. That's why you really want to play golf soon. And to go shopping in Berlin. It can go on like this! Welcome to the idyllic nature of Brandenburg not far from the Spreewald. Surrounded by deep forests, glittering lakes and green meadows, we welcome our guests every day at the Scharmutzelsee in our aja Bad Saarow and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: Your workplace is our buffet restaurant or the bar Your job: A friendly and fast service Whether at breakfast, dinner buffet or at the bar: You advise our guests on their choice of drinks and food You bring with you: Flexible use in the shift system and on Weekends Enjoying dealing with people A consistent focus on guests and service Enthusiasm for working in a team Discretion and tact We offer you: You work in a team to feel good We don’t throw you in at the deep end, we learn you With this job you are always flexible and liquid You get your aja clothes from us and we clean them for you. We subsidize your meals in the staff restaurant. saarow@aja.de www.aja.de	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:51.939000
