8244	10849	Temporary assistant breakfast reception (m/f/d)	Lindner Hotels AG is a family-run hotel company based in Düsseldorf and has a portfolio of over 30 hotels in seven European countries. The group offers two high-quality hotel brands under one roof: The classic brand Lindner Hotels & Resorts stands for individual business and resort hotels that are committed to all-round service for the guest. The me and all hotels brand, founded in 2015, relies on boutique character, technical finesse and local events in central city locations with individual design and casual flair. Not only our guests, but also our employees should feel comfortable with us. We are therefore proud to be one of the kununu Top Companies 2022 (Germany's largest employer rating portal). Our hotel: The Lindner Congress Hotel Düsseldorf has 286 rooms and 16 conference rooms, including the "Seestern" room, which was voted Germany's coolest conference room in 2018. Our guests appreciate the attractive options from classic seminars to evening events in the great atmosphere of our "Denkquartier" seminar area. Be there and discover the diversity and let us break new ground together. Our reception team looks forward to welcoming you as a host by appointment. We are looking for backup for our breakfast reception. We look forward to receiving your application! Our benefits: Reduced overnight rates for you, your family and your friends in all Lindner Hotels & Resorts and me and all hotels Free parking Anniversary and special bonuses Corporate benefits - discounts from over 1000 well-known companies Continuous employee development through a wide range of training courses Games, fun and everyone Lots of knowledge through our e-learning tool. The tasks: You greet our guests warmly You check the booking status with or without breakfast You book the corresponding services in coordination with the hotel reception You carry out the accounting at the end of the working day You are the contact person for our guests The profile: In the morning at 7:00 a.m.: 12:00 a.m. everything is fine with you Working hours on weekdays from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m., if necessary on weekends between 7:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. You are a good communicator and team player You are confident in dealing with guests You retain your senses in hectic moments the overview and the peace You have good knowledge of German and English	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.251000
