8193	10798	Temporary assistant evening service (m/f/d)	In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and has been recognized as a qualified training company by the Association of German Chefs. We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the resorts to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our houses. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen the large A-ROSA team. A-ROSA ? Really mine. If you want to reach your goal successfully, you need a signpost. For us, this guide is a set of behavioral principles that regulate the daily interaction in our company. They are our promise to each other, to our guests and to everyone who works with A-ROSA. Every A-ROSA employee feels committed to these principles and implements them with passion. Through trust, transparency and professionalism, they enable their teams to achieve great results. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now! Your tasks You support the employees in ensuring a smooth service process in the restaurant and in the back office. You advise our guests and make individual recommendations for the selection of drinks. You serve drinks at the table. You prepare the mise-en-place and lay the tables. You actively offer the guests the products of the house. You convey the A-ROSA holiday feeling to the guests at all times. Your profile First experiences in gastronomy A cordial demeanor A sincere guest and service orientation A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you can convey to your guests and colleagues Ability to communicate and work in a team Our offer You, your family and friends travel to all A-ROSA resorts at a discount , aja Resorts, HENRI Hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Do you want to change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? We reward your recommendation for us as an employer. Childcare if needed at short notice. Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you. Our staff canteen takes care of your daily well-being. In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and has been recognized as a qualified training company by the Association of German Chefs. A-ROSA Travemünde Außenallee 10 23570 Lübeck-Travemünde Ms?Anja Friedel Personnel Administrator +49 (0) 4502 3070 796 a.friedel@a-rosa.de	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:21.032000
