6042	8647	Track builder / foreman / technician as maintenance	Track builder / master craftsman / technician as a maintenance planner Specialist Track builder / master craftsman / technician as a maintenance planner in Granitzstraße 55-56, 13189 Berlin Start date immediately DB Netz AG Transport Infrastructure Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 153199 Job Ref. 131775 2 Job description We are looking for you as a roadway mechanic / track builder / master craftsman / technician as a maintenance planner in the network in the superstructure department (f/m/d) for DB Netz AG at the Berlin Pankow location. DB Netz AG is the rail infrastructure company of Deutsche Bahn AG. The central task is to provide the approximately 420 railway companies with an infrastructure of high quality and availability without discrimination and to manage the operation of the infrastructure. These include e.g. B. Investments in the rail infrastructure (e.g. tracks and points) and their maintenance Your tasks You coordinate the orders in maintenance and repair from planning, monitoring, scheduling, feedback to completion Determining the necessary resources and capacities for the released You are responsible for repair orders You obtain approvals and initiate purchasing processes You schedule all necessary construction capacities and coordinate the process steps for the coordinated construction measures, e.g. initiating construction company registrations and the Betra application Carrying out plan/actual comparisons at individual order level (costs and quantities) for measures and analysis of possible deviations is also one of your tasks For coordination, you maintain regular communication with the client about ongoing and upcoming work Your profile You have a master's qualification in the technical field (e.g. IHK master in) or a comparable qualification with several years of professional experience in maintenance, e.g. as a roadway mechanic in, switch mechanic in or track builder in, or in the area of ​​work preparation/scheduling You have already acquired the maintenance and order planning of technical systems of the track, in particular superstructure You have a basic understanding of railway operations and experience with the planning and implementation of small and large repair measures on the transport infrastructure (e.g. prevention superstructure) Experience in working with SAP R3N as well as with standard software, e.g. MS Office, we assume your way of working is characterized by structure, independence, care and conscientiousness Motivation, resilience, reliability and teamwork complete your profile Your contact team, recruiting 49 30 297 24707 Your application Now easily online start the application process.	Maintenance Technician	None	2023-03-07 16:02:57.468000
