7502	10107	Trainee specialist for restaurants and event catering (f/m/d)	The ATLANTIC Hotel Münster is currently being built in the immediate vicinity of the old town and the popular ?Promenade?. The building combines urban architecture with the latest event technology and exclusive design. 224 stylish rooms in five categories create an inviting atmosphere with their warm earth tones. Culinary highlights are offered by the grill restaurant with fresh creations and a deli lounge in which excellent coffee specialties and small delicacies are offered in a relaxed atmosphere. The bar and the 370 m² glass event room on the 6th floor with a fantastic view over the city are unique for Münster and the entire region. We are looking for a trainee specialist for restaurants and event catering (f/m/d) for our ATLANTIC Hotel Münster with training starting on February 1st or August 1st, 2023. Why actually ATLANTIC? ? 1,000.00 starting bonus and an above-tariff remuneration from the 2nd year of training Night, Sunday and public holiday surcharges Own mentor (f/m/d) on the side Two guaranteed technical or personal training courses per year as well as accompanied examination preparation A takeover guarantee and very good career opportunities in an expanding company Support in finding accommodation Team spirit is very important, not only at work, but also at events such as Christmas parties and summer festivals ATLANTIC Benefits such as pension schemes, company sports to choose from with the two largest providers ?Hansefit? and ?Qualitrain? with a huge range of sports and leisure activities for only ? 20.00 per month as your own contribution An open company with a hands-on culture, mutual respect, appreciation and regular feedback discussions What can you expect? 3-year vocational training Introductory days including a welcome seminar Varied and varied activities in the entire service and banqueting area Planning and organization of the processes during the à la carte service and events Sales and professional advice taking into account the guests' wishes Contact with international colleagues and guests A takeover guarantee and very good career opportunities in an expanding company What do we wish for? A good school certificate Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is an advantage Friendliness and open-mindedness Enjoying teamwork Flexibility, commitment and reliability Enthusiasm for high-quality service and the satisfaction of our guests Your contact For more information, please visit our careers page (Jobs at the ATLANTIC Hotels in Germany and Austria ( atlantic-hotels.de)) or visit us on Instagram (@atlantichotelscareers) (@atlantichotels). Do you find yourself in our job description and have we aroused your interest? Perfect, then we look forward to receiving your application, gladly by e-mail in PDF format to: bewerbung@atlantic-hotels.de. Do you have any questions in advance? Feel free to contact us at: +49 421 944888574. We look forward to meeting you!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:05:56.135000
