8048	10653	Trainee specialist for restaurants and event catering	The Naturresort Schindelbruch impresses with 96 tastefully furnished rooms and suites and three restaurants where fresh regional cuisine is on the menu. With its 2,500 square meter spa, the house, which is surrounded by greenery, is one of the 20 best wellness hotels in Germany. And in the "Green Salon", a free-standing conference and event pavilion in the park of the imposing property, meetings and celebrations can be held in style. The Romantik Hotel FreiWerk is not like any other. The former summer residence was extensively converted and expanded into a charming hideaway with 30 rooms. The attractive combination of historic main building and modern extension fits perfectly into the Harz mountain landscape. An attractive retreat with an exceptional gastronomic offer in the restaurant ?20zwanzig? and a small but nice fitness & spa area. DO WHAT YOU LOVE! The school-leaving certificate is in sight or has already been achieved. ? And now? We open the gates to the diversity of the hotel industry. Find your fulfillment in making our guests' stay unforgettable. Unleash true storms of enthusiasm and make our guests shine. Do you enjoy exciting, challenging tasks? Then become part of our hotel family! We are looking for you from August 1st, 2023 as a trainee specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) for our Schindelbruch nature resort in Stolberg in the southern Harz region. Duration of training. 3 years Our benefits. Safe workplace ? Opt for a strong employer! Planning security for your working hours? Your work-life balance is important to us. Carefree learning? No services during school periods. Above-tariff remuneration and free meals? the plus points for your wallet. staff discounts ? Enjoy a variety of discounts. Employees Recruit Employees ? We reward your loyalty. Training accommodation ? start your training stress-free. Special leave, hotel voucher or BahnCard? ? You decide. Training ? We're not throwing you in at the deep end. Benefits of Personights ? Stay inexpensively in one of our partner hotels. health card ? Our bonus for your health. team event? for strengthening the team spirit Space for your ideas? ? Get actively involved. job rotation ? You can also switch to our Romantik Hotel FreiWerk. your competencies. charisma ? Your open-minded and representative demeanor characterizes you with tact? With cordiality and devotion you fulfill the wishes of the guests Host talent? Your service comes from the heart everyday hero ? Are you committed to your new work environment? Team player? You stay motivated even under time pressure Resilience ? Willingness to go the extra mile Always ready ? You are punctual and reliable Nobody is perfect - your grades are not the only decisive factor: We are interested in the person behind them! training content. wish granter ? You will learn how to deal professionally with guests' requests and concerns. From A-Z ? You will learn all activities and tasks related to guest service in the restaurant area. Services ? From preparing the tables and warmly welcoming our guests to serving the food and drinks? They put a smile on our guests' faces. Every beginning is easy! ? As a first step, send us your complete and informative application documents. Find out more about the Ritter von Kempski private hotels with just one click: https://machwasduliebst.de/	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:03.277000
