8110	10715	Trainee Finance (m/w/d)	Have you completed your studies and gained initial experience in an internship or as a student trainee in the finance sector and are you looking for entry-level opportunities as a finance manager, accountant or controller (m/f/d)? Then apply for our trainee program at the SIXT campus near Munich! Here you will get to know our finance department in our 18-month program. At the same time, you will build up an extremely valuable network with specialist departments and managers throughout the company. Interest? Then apply now and start as a Finance Trainee (m/f/d) at SIXT on April 1st, 2023! What you do with us: You are going through an exciting 18-month trainee program that will guide you through the finance department at SIXT - from controlling to accounting, corporate finance and financial projects to internal audit and governance risk and controls? everything is included! You work actively on international company projects and get to know all areas of the finance department very well. You prepare important company decisions for the CFO and thus sharpen your strategic thinking and tactical skills. You complete various training courses (soft and hard skills) and get to know managers from different areas and develop a cross-functional and cross-departmental network You will be supported in your professional and personal development from the start with an individual development plan and a mentor What you bring with you: You have successfully completed a degree in economics with a focus on finance, accounting, controlling or a similar degree in economics You have initial practical experience in the finance department of a corporation or in a consulting environment You have ideally gained initial international experience during semesters abroad or internships You have very good knowledge of German and English (spoken and written) and an additional foreign language a plus You have a strong understanding of numbers and are analytically and conceptually strong Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: The rapid and profitable growth of SIXT is based on solid management, reliable planning and efficient control of the group's governance and compliance structure. The finance area, including governance, compliance and risk management, makes a significant contribution to this and offers a wide range of exciting topics: from accounting to planning and coordination tasks, risk management and controlling to consulting services with the aim of optimizing internal business processes. Internal Audit also plays an indispensable role in this, combining assurance and consulting in order to optimize the effectiveness of the areas. About us: We are a we	Manager - Finance and Accounting	None	2023-03-07 16:07:10.875000
