7995	10600	Trainee cook (m/f/d) with ZQ hotel and gastronomy management	The Der Öschberghof resort is located on the outskirts of the town of Donaueschingen, not far from the Black Forest, Lake Constance and Switzerland. After extensive modernization and expansion measures, 127 rooms and suites as well as various restaurants are available to our guests: the fine dining restaurant ÖSCH NOIR with two Michelin stars, the ESSZIMMER, the RISTORANTE & PIZZERIA HEXENWEIHER, and the ÖVENTHÜTTE. The BAR with adjacent SMOKERS OUNGE offers a wide range of spirits and cigars. Our conference center offers 6 conference rooms and a ballroom with 400 square meters. Further highlights are the over 5,000 square meter SPA & GYM as well as the 45-hole golf course with driving range and golf academy. Our team currently consists of around 400 hosts. Due to the numerous and diverse resort areas, we welcome beginners as well as those who are changing careers and want to reorient themselves professionally. As part of the in-house Öschberghof training academy, we offer a wide range of training programs for the continuous development of our hosts. You can also look forward to numerous benefits, such as time recording accurate to the minute and our own staff restaurant. As one of 16 founding members of the Fair Job Hotels e. V., the Öschberghof is actively committed to reforming our industry in the long term and improving the image of the hotel industry. Apprenticeship start: August 2023 We offer you: a varied apprenticeship in a professional field with a future, with us you will go through various areas that are relevant to you and gain important practical experience Electronic time recording - every second worked is paid for! Many employee discounts and travel benefits Free use of the GYM and pool, sports courses Regular trainee meetings, excursions and much more Work clothes and many other appreciative benefits Your job? ? will take place in all relevant departments and posts ? is it to inspire our guests with heart and soul and put a smile on their faces? includes taking part in our further education opportunities such as training and courses as well as our trainee meetings? is surrounded by a motivated and dynamic team, which is always available to answer your questions and brings you closer to your job   you? ? Do you have a high school diploma or a technical college entrance qualification as well as a category B driver's license and your own vehicle? Are you looking for a job that presents you with new challenges and opportunities every day and in which you can let your creativity run free? start your day with a smile, show high commitment, reliability, punctuality and flexibility? are a communicative personality who has excellent manners and has the charm to win over our valuable guests     You can find more details about us and our appreciative benefits here: https://www.oeschberghof.com/karriere   With the additional qualification hotel and gastronomy management? ? In addition to the normal cooking training at the vocational school, do you receive lessons in job-related English and Spanish as well as management in the hospitality industry (contract law, human resources, accounting, business administration, current communication technologies and much more) after the training? ? You have a wide range of career opportunities within our resort or in the entire industry, e.g. B. in a fine dining restaurant, a specialty restaurant, on a cruise ship, a seasonal operation in the mountains? The training of our junior staff is particularly important to us and we are constantly working to give our trainees the best possible start in the world of work. For this we were awarded the seal of excellence by the Hotel Managers Association Germany e.V. (HDV). excellent. If you feel addressed and would like to complete your training in one of the best golf, SPA and conference resorts in Germany, apply, we look forward to getting to know you personally.	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:56.711000
