8826	11431	Training as an electronics technician for industrial engineering (m/f/d)	SMS group GmbH is an international plant and mechanical engineering company for the processing of steel and non-ferrous metals. We belong to the SMS group, which generates sales of over EUR 2.9 billion with around 14,000 employees worldwide. The Weiss Foundation is the sole owner of Holding SMS GmbH. The performance-oriented corporate culture of a strong family business and global presence are good reasons to shape the future with us.

At our Hilchenbach location, we offer qualified school leavers a special opportunity: vocational training in 2023

Training as an electronics technician for industrial engineering (m/f/d)

Your tasks::
Vocational basic and specialist training in manual and mechanical material processing and connection technology. Apply electrical, mechanical, pneumatic and hydraulic principles, taking safety regulations into account. During your apprenticeship, you will also work in various departments in our company, e.g. B. Assembly/electrical department, maintenance, construction and field service/service department. In addition, we offer in-house courses and well-founded exam preparation.
Your profile::

- Interest in and understanding of technical/functional relationships
- Spatial imagination
- Autonomous decision-making
- Handcraft
- Diligence and perseverance
You have made good progress in your school education. • You enjoy learning. Now you want to further develop your skills and put them on a solid footing. An apprenticeship at SMS group is the right step.
Our range::
Our graduates often achieve above-average degrees • We offer particularly qualified applicants the additional option of studying for a Bachelor of Engineering.
Miscellaneous::
We expressly welcome applications from severely disabled people.

We look forward to receiving your application!

SMS group GmbH
Mr Christof Nadler
Hilchenbach
Wiesenstr. 30
57271 Hilchenbach
christof.nadler@sms-group.com
+49 2733 29-2769	Electronics technician - industrial engineering	None	2023-03-07 16:08:38.605000
