8086	10691	Training Manager national (m/w/d)	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Training Manager national (m/f/d) Benefits up to 100% Christmas bonus Corporate benefits Company mobile phone Company laptop Career development Maritim Academy Employees & trainee events Employees - and family & friends rate in our hotels Parking lot Company pension scheme Your tasks You create e-learning courses independently and provide support other departments in the creation of e-learning You identify the training needs of our national Maritim Hotels You design, plan and conduct training You develop the content of existing training You create and maintain training documents and presentations You support the administrative processes in the Maritim Academy You are part of the editorial team of our internal social media app ?MAP? and take care of the background as well as the content You support projects within the HR area of ​​the Maritim Hotels You support the Director of Culture & People with his projects If necessary, you work in an office in Darmstadt for your tasks. Your start with us at the Maritim Academy can begin immediately or we would be happy to arrange an appointment. Your profile You already have initial experience as a trainer and in designing training courses Multi-day trips within Germany are no problem for you You bring a passion for motivating employees and for communicating the corporate culture You enjoy coordinating tasks with further training and independent, result-oriented work You have a strong team spirit You are strong in organization and have very good communication skills You are proactive, detail-oriented and have a structured way of working You have a technical affinity and are familiar with the common MS Office programs ??????? You have knowledge of the hotel or service industry (advantageous)     Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and look forward to receiving your application.	Trainer - Recognized training occupations	None	2023-03-07 16:07:07.941000
