8407	11012	Trainee for the restaurant trade (m/f/d)	Hotel Victory Therme Erding opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to us Victory Guesthouse - there are 94 more modern rooms. To support our team, we are looking for trainees in the restaurant trade (m/f/d) starting September 1st, 2022. YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITIES Have you always wanted to be a host and do your training in a very special hotel? Then come aboard the HOTEL VICTORY THERME ERDING and start a journey with us where you can grow and learn over the next three years. Set sail with us and we will help you to master the long journey to becoming a specialist with flying colours. Become part of a unique hotel and gastronomy concept and learn the all-encompassing rules of hospitality. Your attitude is open and friendly, you like to communicate and you want to know how to become a thoughtful and attentive thinker. Personal service is a matter of course for you and you find it easy to approach and communicate with demanding people. With a high degree of personal commitment and the desire to get a little better every day, you focus on the guest experience and your enthusiasm for our services. In contact with guests you radiate naturalness and joie de vivre and thus reflect the philosophy and concept of our house. With inspiration and enthusiasm, you will contribute to a strong sense of togetherness, fun at work and individual development opportunities within the apprenticeship. We are looking for motivated and dynamic personalities to join us on the journey. YOUR PROFILE You have an open and cordial host personality who approaches our guests and our team with genuine joy and friendliness. You have a high school diploma. You have already gained initial professional experience in the hotel or catering industry through internships. You are characterized by a friendly and warm demeanor. You have good verbal and written communication skills in German and English or other languages. WE OFFER a unique training position with a wide range of design options. a pleasant working atmosphere in a unique working environment. a dynamic and motivated team. targeted exam preparation. regular feedback talks. optimal support for your training and career through additional internal training. the transfer of wide-ranging specialist knowledge in many departments. CONTACT If we have aroused your interest, we look forward to receiving your complete written application via our online application form/by email or by post. We look forward to our offspring.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:47.241000
