8331	10936	Training specialist for gastronomy (m/f/d)	For 100 years, the Studierendenwerk Darmstadt has stood for modern services related to studies. In the middle of the city of Art Nouveau, we accompany the students of the Darmstadt universities on the way from the orientating start of their studies to a successful study period and the successful completion of their studies. Whether university gastronomy, attractive residential complexes that offer a home, professional supportive advisory services or tailor-made study financing with a focus on BAföG. We offer the necessary social infrastructure from a single source! Your tasks During your training as a gastronomy specialist, you will work in the canteen kitchens, coffee bars and bistros, which are equipped with the latest commercial kitchen technology. You will learn, among other things, how to prepare delicious dishes and present them to the guests accordingly. What we offer you! We encourage you and offer exciting prospects in a friendly, team-oriented environment. Attractive remuneration ? already in the 1st year of apprenticeship you will receive ? 1,056.85, as well as an annual special payment once a year. If you successfully complete your vocational training, you will receive a bonus. Contact persons: You will be surrounded by at least one experienced specialist in all areas and will be looked after. If you have any problems, our trainers and our committed youth and trainee representatives (JAV) will be at your side. You will receive regular seminars, workshops and exam preparation courses in order to receive optimal support during your training. After the apprenticeship you will receive a taking guarantee for at least six months. Whenever possible, we fill vacancies with our own trainees. You? ? Are you reliable, resilient and flexible? ? Are you customer-oriented and enjoy hosting? ? do you like working in a team? ? do you have a good high school diploma? ? want to be among the best? Then apply now using our online form and start your future with us! We also welcome applications from university dropouts.	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:07:37.885000
