5978	8583	Trainee Division Service 100%, Frauenfeld	Trainee Division Service 100 Trainee Division Service 100 Frauenfeld, Switzerland 100 permanent Stadler has been building trains for over 80 years. With our innovative strength, flexibility and reliability, we are now a leading manufacturer of rail vehicles. In addition to our Swiss locations, around 13,000 employees work at several production and engineering locations and over 70 service locations in Europe, North America and North Africa. Our passion for trains goes far beyond building them. As a complete service provider and committed partner in service, we guarantee security, availability and operation for the highest satisfaction of our customers' customers. We are looking to strengthen our team so that we can shape the future of mobility together. The program Our trainee program lasts a total of 18 months. During this time you will get to know three different departments for 6 months each Full service work at one of our maintenance locations to support the location manager and get to know the vehicles Project management Prioritization and structuring of projects and getting to know the various tools as well as commercial order review Maintenance Engineering Introduction and creation of Life cycle calculations, implementation of maintenance intervals and drawing conclusions Participation in training courses on strategy, finance, leadership, etc. at our headquarters in Bussnang, Switzerland Your profile Bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, technology or business administration Quick learner and high learning and Willingness to work Excellent communication skills in German and English Great commitment and high level of initiative Passion for what we do Willingness to travel internationally is a prerequisite I'm happy to be there for you Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. We are looking forward for your online application. About the application Information about the application Letter of motivation This is optional with us. However, we would not want to do without a complete CV, job references and training certificates. A maximum of seven files (each with a maximum of 50 MB) can be uploaded. Marina Frick Head of Human Resources T 41 71 626 29 05	Specialist - gastronomy (restaurant service)	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.504000
