8250	10855	Trainee (m/f/d) cook	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury Are you looking for varied tasks and would like to start your professional life in a family environment? We are looking for committed people to accompany us. Take your chance and complete your apprenticeship as a chef (m/f/d) in our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe. The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, become a part of us! YOU ? do you enjoy working creatively with food? Are you interested in doing your apprenticeship with star chefs? do you like working in a team? are flexible, resilient and ?heat-resistant? ? have at least a qualified secondary school diploma Your tasks The quality of the kitchen directly influences the popularity of the entire hotel. The restaurant's reputation largely depends on the skill of the kitchen. In addition to professional creativity, knowledge of nutrition and hygiene are among the tools of a good cook, because he works with perishable food and ensures good and healthy nutrition ? from breakfast to lunch to the menu in the evening, at parties and events. With us you will find an upscale working environment with a variety of restorations? from regional cuisine to gourmet cuisine. Culinary is our priority. Chefs are sought-after and sought-after professionals around the world. Through commitment and further training, you take on responsibility at a young age and can rise to the position of chef de cuisine. Your advantages Complete your training in an excellent hotel with a family atmosphere and lay the foundation for your international career Pass through all relevant departments with personal support from the HR department and the department head(s): Benefit from the fact that our HR manager Daniela Böhm is also a training ambassador for DEHOGA Bayern for the district of Miesbach is Use interesting subject-related training offers internally and externally as well as special offers from partners such as Corporate Benefits School Your specialist knowledge playfully with a learning app Always be well dressed with your free uniform Don't worry about cooking: Thanks to our staff canteen Spezlstubn you'll be in the best catered Live in the staff house (subject to availability) Park free of charge in front of the hotel (subject to availability) Hop into the lake with your colleagues after work? Or a short mountain tour before starting work? You live and earn your money in a place where others vacation. We are looking forward to your application! ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:27.980000
