8063	10668	Training as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) from August 2023	In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and has been recognized as a qualified training company by the Association of German Chefs. We don't just want to meet expectations, we want to exceed them. And that cordially and competently? and every day anew. After all, our guests come to the A-ROSA Travemünde to experience a unique break. In addition to the unique landscape and a wide range of offers, it is above all our employees who ensure that body and soul can really recharge. Because they are the hosts, the soul of our house. We are looking for precisely these personalities to strengthen our large A-ROSA team. Would you like to help shape and further develop the company and the A-ROSA brand? Then apply now and do your training as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) with us! Your tasks Would you like to lay the foundation for a successful career in gastronomy? Then you are right with us! Become our host of tomorrow. During this comprehensive 3-year training, you will look after the guest from the à la carte dinner to the organization of a conference and event. During your training you will get to know different subject areas in the F&B area: restaurant service (buffet and à la carte) bar banquet area event planning organization and implementation administration and marketing kitchen and magazine After your training you have the choice in which area you want to continue your career later want. Your profile Lower secondary school leaving certificate, high school diploma or Abitur A positive charisma and enthusiasm that you can convey to your guests and colleagues High level of initiative and ambition Willingness to work on weekends and public holidays A sincere guest and service orientation Ability to communicate and work in a team Our Offer A qualified apprenticeship in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the apprenticeship Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed: With our support you save 25? with the NAH.SH job ticket You, your family and friends travel at reduced prices to all A-ROSA resorts, aja resorts, HENRI hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Working with friends ? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Can we celebrate together too? great team events are waiting for you A-ROSA employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge. Your daily well-being is taken care of in our staff restaurant. In our resorts, guests experience an unforgettable time: right on their doorstep, active, emotional, with fun, excitement, style and a high feel-good factor. Our employees should also feel comfortable. They are team builders, entrepreneurs - and above all, they are passionate hosts. Our guests feel this in the positive charisma and personal commitment. This is how the unique A-ROSA holiday feeling is created! The A-ROSA brand is innovative and always on the move with reliably high quality. Welcome to the A-ROSA Travemünde! PS: We are incredibly proud: The A-ROSA Travemünde has received the training award from the Lübeck Chamber of Industry and Commerce and has been recognized as a qualified training company by the Association of German Chefs. A-ROSA Travemünde Außenallee 10 23570 Lübeck-Travemünde Ms. Alena Neubauer HR Administrator +49 (0) 4502 3070 796 hr.tra@a-rosa.de	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:05.118000
