8080	10685	Trainee Revenue Management (m/f/d)	You have completed your studies and have initial experience in an internship or a working student position in the area of revenue management and are looking for entry-level opportunities as a Pricing Manager, Yield Manager, Controller or Tech Product Manager (m/f/d)? Then apply for our trainee program at the SIXT Campus near Munich! During your 18-month program, you will get to know our revenue management department. You will learn how car rental companies regulate demand and utilization through capacity and price management, gain insights into our price management and learn how we help shape the strategic design of products. At the same time, you'll build an extremely valuable network with departments and executives throughout the company. Interested? Then apply now and start as early as 01.04.2023 as a Trainee Revenue Management (m/f/d) at SIXT!   Do what you love:  As a Trainee Revenue Management (m/f/d) you will get to know a wide range of tasks and will be challenged by varied and challenging projects and activities  You will go through an exciting 18-month trainee program that will take you through all revenue management departments at SIXT - from Pricing & Commercial Development, Yield Management & Dynamic Pricing to Commercial Controlling & Analytics and Consumer Products to Advanced Profit Management - everything is included! An assignment in our branches to experience the final result of our work live is of course also firmly scheduled  You actively participate in (international) company projects and can familiarize yourself with the different areas of revenue management  You will complete various training (hard and soft skills), get to know managers from different areas and develop a cross-functional and cross-divisional network  You will be supported in your professional and personal development right from the start with an individual development plan and a mentor  Come as you are: You have successfully completed your studies in the field of economics, business mathematics or business informatics  You have a good analytical understanding, are technically affine and experienced in Excel  You are a team player with strong communication skills  You have ideally gained first international experience during semesters abroad or internships  You already have practical experience in the corporate environment  You have a very good command of German and English (written and spoken) and are proficient in other foreign languages if necessary  You have an EU-citizenship or a valid work permit in Germany Additional Information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous trainings for your individual development. It's also important to balance out your work: That's why you have access to our employee restaurant (and yes, we insist on restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) as well as various recreational opportunities such as our modern SIXT Gym, the gaming area, or the SIXT choir - to name just a few. One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you'll always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas.  About the department: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margins-optimising product and price management for all business sectors and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. The yield management is primarily concerned with maximising revenue through utility and price-oriented management of the fleet and demand. Issues such as planning and composition of the fleet size, predicting the fleet and demand and regulating imports and modulation of vehicles are addressed here. Furthermire, demand adjustments are carried ou	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:07.212000
