8285	10890	Training as a chef (*)	Enjoyment & Harmony is a family-run contract caterer and spoils well-known customers every day with handcrafted and individual fresh cuisine at a high restaurant level. We are active throughout Germany with over 125 restaurants in the Business and Care divisions and generate sales of around 90 million euros with more than 1,500 committed fresh food producers. Around 32,000 guests experience fresh and artisanal cuisine every day, including without added additives. Cooking is (not) an art!? ? find out for yourself! During your training as a chef from September 2023 in our business restaurant in Karlsruhe, you will conjure up fresh, varied and tasty menus every day. are you the salt for our soup? Then let's get to the pots! Apprenticeship as a cook (*) Office: Karlsruhe, Baden full-time (Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.) Job number: 7610-22-5318 Appetizer ... these dishes should not be missing from your menu Creativity, curiosity and a large portion of passion as well as enthusiasm for the cooking trade in all its facets Enjoying dealing with fresh food and specialties Enjoying direct contact with guests, whether it is serving food or cooking in front of the grill/wok Enjoy teamwork, our guests anew every day to inspire A completed school education, also motivated career changers Main course ... what you should be keen on You learn the cooking trade from masters of their trade - from classic to trendy, always fresh and homemade Ready-made products do not come into the bag roasting, cooking, braising , grilling, poaching..., like in ?Grandma's times? - Honest, fresh gourmet cuisine, cleverly seasoned yourself - Flavor enhancers and additives are banned from our premises Handling the kitchen equipment completes the learning program Dessert ... and we'll fill you up Practical training by experienced chefs from the upscale gastronomy Fair and appropriate remuneration, free employee catering, provision and free cleaning of work clothes, allowance for company pension scheme, employee discounts on products and services from well-known providers A 100% family business with tradition, growing rapidly with over 125 restaurants nationwide, 90 million ? Turnover and around 1,500 committed fresh produce workers Regular working hours (Monday to Friday, approx. 6 a.m. to 3 p.m.) with free weekends, public holidays and no part-time work Good chances of development opportunities after the training And now ... it's your turn! Do you also want to become a Fresh Maker? Then apply now. All you need is your CV to hand, so it takes less than three minutes - I promise. Our HR Manager Recruiting, Marie-Louise Hortenbach, will be happy to answer your first questions on 0621-30600-693 or via karriere@die-frischemacher.de. Videos, impressions and further information can be found at www.karriere-die-frischemacher.de. (*) All male designations in the text stand for each gender without exception. Because we live diversity and everyone likes it. We are signatories to the ?Charter of Diversity? .	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:32.255000
