8350	10955	Trainee specialist (m/f/d) for restaurants and event catering	Trainee specialist (m/f/d) for restaurants & event gastronomy Trainee specialist/ specialist (m/f/d) for restaurants & event gastronomy Plan your future with us and find new, exciting tasks in our award-winning spa hotel with international guests. Would you like to strengthen our team of around 150 motivated employees from different nations and work at the Hotel Victory Therme Erding? Do you ooze empathy and treat people with respect? You love flat hierarchies and are looking for a working environment that gives you a lot of creative freedom. Then you are exactly right with us!!! The Hotel Victory Therme Erding was opened in 2014 and is part of the largest thermal baths in the world. The house offers 135 luxurious, maritime-style rooms, 6 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and a hotel bar and is one of the most successful hotels in Germany. Im also ? About 100 meters away - belonging to our Victory guest house - there are another 94 modern rooms. Your area of ​​responsibility Come aboard the HOTEL VICTORY THERME ERDING on September 1st, 2023! Have you always wanted to be a host and do your training in a very special hotel? Then start a journey with us where you can grow and discover your strengths over the next three years. You will get to know all areas of our hotel and will become the perfect host during this time. From our restaurants, the bar, to our event and conference area to the kitchen, you get an insight into all processes. Every day you encounter new situations that challenge you and train you to become a specialist in restaurants and event catering. You will learn to inspire our guests with your passion and thus reflect the philosophy of our house. With your personality, you contribute to a strong sense of togetherness and fun at work during the apprenticeship. We look forward to motivated and independent trainees who want to join us on the journey. We look forward to seeing YOU - set sail with us! Your profile You bring enthusiasm and commitment with you. You find it easy to approach people and communicate with them. You are open, cordial and have a respectful demeanor. You are independent, organized and reliable. You have a good high school diploma. You have gained initial experience in the hotel/catering industry through internships. You speak and write German well and have knowledge of English. We offer you a familiar working atmosphere in a special working environment. the transfer of wide-ranging specialist knowledge in many departments. independent trainee projects where you can grow. optimal support through internal training and personal encouragement. Targeted exam preparation and regular feedback sessions. the option of being taken on after the training. employee benefits. Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete written application documents via our online application form/ by e-mail or by post, stating your salary expectations, to: Apply online HOTEL VICTORY THERME ERDING GMBH | e.g. Attn: Nicola Ewald | Thermenallee 1a | 85435 Erding | Tel. 08122 550 3560	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:40.237000
