8007	10612	Trainee cook (f/m/d)	The ATLANTIC Hotel Kiel is located in the heart of Kiel and directly on the fjord. The 4-star superior hotel has modern, design-oriented rooms and luxurious suites. The PIER 16 restaurant spoils you with North German delicacies and DECK 8 ? the bar offers first-class drinks and a unique panoramic view of Kiel. Eight conference rooms with a view of the fjord and an atmospheric wine safe are available for events. The ATLANTIC Hotels Group comprises 18 hotels in the 4 and 5 star segment under the brand names ATLANTIC Hotels, Severin*s Hotels and unique by ATLANTIC Hotels. The ATLANTIC Hotel Kiel is looking for an apprentice cook (f/m/d) for August 1, 2023. Why actually ATLANTIC? ? 1,000.00 starting bonus and an above-tariff remuneration from the 2nd year of training Night, Sunday and public holiday surcharges Own mentor (f/m/d) on the side Two guaranteed technical or personal training courses per year as well as accompanied examination preparation A takeover guarantee and very good career opportunities in an expanding company Team spirit is very important, not only at work, but also at events such as Christmas parties and summer festivals ATLANTIC benefits such as pension schemes, company sports to choose from with the two largest providers ?Hansefit? and ?Qualitrain? with a huge range of sports and leisure activities for only ? 20.00 per month as your own contribution An open company with a hands-on culture, mutual respect, appreciation and regular feedback discussions What can you expect in the hotel kitchen? 3-year vocational training Introductory days including a welcome seminar Varied and diverse activities in the entire kitchen area Production, preparation and creative presentation of food Planning of work processes as well as theoretical knowledge in the field of food science Hygiene and documentation A guarantee of employment and very good career opportunities in an expanding company A good portion of fun What do we wish? A school-leaving certificate Craftsmanship and creativity Enjoying handling food Friendliness and open-mindedness Flexibility, commitment and reliability Enjoying teamwork Your contact For more information, please visit our careers page (Jobs at ATLANTIC Hotels in Germany and Austria (atlantic-hotels.de )) or visit us on Instagram (@atlantichotelscareers) (@atlantichotels). Do you find yourself in our job description and have we aroused your interest? Perfect, then we look forward to receiving your application, gladly by e-mail in PDF format to: bewerbung@atlantic-hotels.de. Do you have any questions in advance? Feel free to contact us at: +49 421 944888574. We look forward to meeting you!	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:58.216000
