5970	8575	Training as a hairdresser with additional qualification Hair & Beauty Artist (m/f/d) 2023	Hair & Beauty Artists are creative, master their craft to perfection and advise on fashion, trends and make-up. They see themselves as holistic beauty service providers. With a lot of passion they create the perfect styling & make-up and inspire our customers.
In addition to the classic hairdressing training, you have the opportunity to acquire a practical additional qualification in our salon and start your professional future with two degrees. You learn the how, what and why! In this training no questions remain unanswered!
This is what the goal-oriented and well-founded training as a Hair & Beauty Artist offers you:

a crisis-proof, interesting and varied job with opportunities for advancement
Individual support from qualified trainers – orientation and assistance to reach your goal safely
the practical additional qualification "Hair & Beauty Artist" parallel to the hairdresser apprenticeship certificate
an above-average training allowance
Diverse opportunities for personal and professional development (focus: hair and scalp care, coloring, cosmetics, make-up artist and much more)
Guaranteed employment after successful completion of training
fun at work

What you should bring with you:

enjoy dealing with people
safe and friendly demeanor
neat appearance
Willingness to "serve"
High school diploma or high school diploma
You are an authentic, open and friendly personality
You are characterized by creativity, the ability to work in a team and reliability

Our employees are our most important asset! If you value being part of a highly professional team in a warm atmosphere and enjoy top training where you learn something new every day, then you've come to the right place.
It doesn't matter whether you want to start your training again or are looking for another training company - we look forward to welcoming you to our team! Visit us on our website foerder-beauty-hair.de or on our Facebook and Instagram accounts. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us directly. Please send us your complete application documents, for the attention of Mr. Wockatz, by e-mail, by post or you are welcome to bring them to the salon in person.
You don't choose La Biosthétique by chance, but out of conviction - as an entrepreneur, employee and trainee.
We look forward to seeing you!
Find out everything about the unique career path "Hair & Beauty Artist" and rediscover the hairdressing profession at www.hair-and-beauty-artist.de
We are looking forward to your application:
Contact person: Thomas Wockatz Tel.: 03578 / 30 24 24 Email: info@foerder-beauty-hair.de
Web: www.foerder-beauty-hair.de	Hair stylist	None	2023-03-07 16:02:48.521000
