7984	10589	Trainee specialist for restaurants and event catering m/f/d	The Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is one of the most beautiful golf courses in Europe. We have two 18-hole golf courses, a 9-hole short course and a children's course. In addition, the Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is part of the environmental concept ?GOLF & NATURE? awarded a gold plaque by the German Golf Association (DGV). Expertise is the basis of our high-quality courses. Only with a first-class trained team can we keep our positions at this level in the long term. Our members and guests are our focus and we see ourselves as a service-oriented service provider in golf. We have set ourselves the goal of conveying the fun of golf? according to the wishes of our customers and members. The Golf Club St. Leon-Rot is one of the best golf courses in Europe and offers not only sporting support but also an extremely strong training package. We also train in our restaurants under 9 apprenticeships and dual courses of study. A newly created apprenticeship awaits you with us. Through your specialized training we will make you a gastronomy specialist? whether service, bar or events, after three years you have mastered everything! With passion, creativity and vision, we will support you during this time. With our two restaurants, the Ace of Clubs and the Carpe Diem, we inspire our discerning guests every day with care and perfection. As of September 1st, 2023, we are looking for a trainee specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) What sets you apart: You have your school-leaving certificate in your pocket and, ideally, you can already get to know the catering industry. You are a host with heart and enjoy dealing with guests Politeness and good manners are a matter of course for you You have a refreshing personality and are a team player An independent way of working and learning are just as much a part of your strengths as team spirit, helpfulness and reliability. Here's what you'll learn from us: Maintaining a neat, well-groomed overall impression of the restaurant and the tables Professional reception and care of our guests as well as advising guests on the choice of food and drink Taking and serving orders Insight into the event planning of gastronomic events Organization of restaurant operations , such as taking reservations, operating the cash register systems and preparing bills Do you feel addressed? Then we look forward to receiving your complete and meaningful application documents!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:55.370000
