7592	10197	Trainee tourism/leisure clerk m/f/d	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. Do you enjoy dealing with people who, because of your positive nature and friendliness, have a good connection to you from the start? Would you like an apprenticeship that combines office work and tackling tasks and shows you what you really like? Then the three-year dual training to become a tourism and leisure clerk (m/f/d) is absolutely the right choice for you. Your training content in practice To get to know a tourism company, you will go through all our areas and be part of a different team for several months at a time Working in direct contact with guests during the season, for example at our rides, guest information, hotline or control center, the ticket office, Our shops or our gastronomy Participation in administrative areas when the amusement park is closed, for example in the event area, in accounting, in human resources, marketing or in the secretariat Your training content in the vocational school Creation of tourism products and services and their sales channels Work organization with and without a PC , telephone and Internet as well as booking systems Accounting, sales and advertising, cash accounting, cost determination and calculation German, economics and social studies As a trainee (m/f/d) you bring with you: A completed school education, ideally with a good secondary school certificate or Abitur - internships or a part-time job in an area with guest or customer contact gives you plus points You can express yourself well, are communicative and organizational talent who does not shy away from agreements You are interested in working on the computer and are good at German and math You are reliable , friendly, people-oriented, also hardworking and creative You can imagine standing and working physically all day - even in uncomfortable weather You know how to find your way to us in the park - even without public transport - and you are aware that we work when others are free (between March and October a lot on weekends and also on public holidays) This is what we offer you: Variety and a training company in which trainees are part of the team and on an equal footing with their colleagues. Go to the vocational school in Sedlitz (Brandenburg) or attend the vocational school in Weimar with a dormitory for the two-week block phases. You will receive an annually increasing training fee (585 ? in the first year of training) and a 50 euro travel allowance for the way to the vocational school. If you have to move from home, we will be happy to inform you about government support options for trainees. A free season pass, free tickets and discounted tickets for your loved ones, free parking, the option of a job ticket for the region of your choice, a cheap canteen for a hearty lunch, a free rental bike for your commute, numerous discounts from partners, e.g. when traveling, event tickets or gym. We help you with the final exam and are not only your contact for technical questions, but also give you regular feedback on your performance and record your wishes for further training. Then we look forward to receiving your application! Tell us why you are a perfect match for us, send us your CV with full contact details and your most recent references and internship or job references. If you have any questions, please contact Marlene Woloszyn in our human resources department on +49 341 9103-1400 or via WhatsApp on +49 170 6362 873.	Merchant - tourism and leisure	None	2023-03-07 16:06:07.171000
