8169	10774	Training specialists for restaurants and event catering 2023 (m|f|d)	Europa-Park In the heart of Europe, between the Black Forest and the Vosges, lies one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world. Over 5 million visitors from all nations come every season to be inspired by over one hundred attractions and shows. The innovative European theme concept, the largest connected hotel resort in Germany, decorations adapted to the seasons and a large number of varied and colorful events make Europa-Park an unmistakable and unique short holiday destination all year round. We invite you to take a look behind the scenes of our company on this company page. Discover the numerous facets that make this unique product what it is: one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world! Working in the Europa-Park adventure resort? This means a multifaceted field of activity, with a lot of freedom for personal development. Over 5.7 million visitors from all nations come every season to be inspired by over one hundred attractions and shows. The innovative European themed concept, the largest connected hotel resort in Germany and the Rulantica water world make the Europa-Park adventure resort an unmistakable and unique short holiday destination all year round. From September 1st, 2023, we will be offering an apprenticeship for specialists in restaurants and event catering (m|w|d) for our six 4* themed hotels with the following additional qualification options: Completion of the technical college entrance qualification (vocational college) or additional qualification in kitchen and service management   Your area of ​​responsibility Your three-year Training as a restaurant specialist with us is high-quality and diverse. It forms the cornerstone of your professional development? that's why we attach great importance to diversity. You will be trained to become a food and drink specialist in the Europa-Park hotels' restaurants and bars with different themes. Advising guests, serving food and drinks, mixing cocktails, supporting events, creating invoices and much more: As a restaurant specialist at Europa-Park, you are firmly involved in all processes and learn your profession from scratch. Accompanying and supplementing the training in the Europa-Park hotels, you will be taught all the necessary practical skills as well as theoretical knowledge at the vocational schools in Kehl and Villingen-Schwenningen. Your profile You have successfully completed at least secondary school You speak and write in German, any other language is a plus You want to shape your future yourself. That's why you're willing to perform and learn Because two hands are stronger than one: Team spirit is a matter of course for you. You are said to have very good manners and a well-groomed appearance. The world is colourful: That's why you like to communicate with guests from various nations. Working hours are different not an issue for you (shift work, weekend and holiday work) We offer you with us into the future: You work in a high-quality, modern environment Within your dual vocational training we teach you all the contents of the framework plan of the Chamber of Industry and Commerce? and much more! With us you get a salary that exceeds the collective agreement An innovative family business brings a lot of good things with it: look forward to varied and responsible activities Experienced trainers accompany you during your training. They provide you with all the necessary basics to get off to a successful start. During your professional training you will get to know the various facets and areas of our hotel and event gastronomy. Your team is at least as international as your guests. Mistakes are there to learn: We work according to the principle of a positive error culture Benefit from first-class training and specialist seminars at our Europa-Park Academy Problems at school? Take advantage of our free program ? Trainees help trainees? Enjoy the security of being trusted and being valued for your work and personality Snacking, chatting, getting to know each other: regular trainee meetings with meals together The trainee excursion is a highlight of the year and brings a lot of fun to the team	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:18.099000
