7686	10291	Trainee specialist (m/f/d) for gastronomy (two-year training) from August 2023	Our company philosophy is: ?We hire for attitude? we train for skills? Your charisma is crucial, you will learn everything else from competent and experienced colleagues! Convince us with your personality, and together we will find the right position with us! If you have any further questions, just give us a call: Tel. 0 69 69 77 - 12 96 or contact us by email at hr.frankfurt@marriott.com. We are happy to take the time for you! And now we look forward to your online application. Our Marriott International group, including its brands, which includes the Marriott and Sheraton brands, promotes equal opportunity and treatment and is committed to promoting a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Two brands ? endless possibilities! Your journey starts here! Two premium brands, one employer? We make it possible! With us, the Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel and the Sheraton Frankfurt Airport Hotel & Conference Center are two flagships of the international top hotel industry under one roof. 1,012 rooms spread over 2 hotels, 58 conference rooms including the largest Hotel Congress Center in Frankfurt, 3 restaurants, 2 bars, 2 lounges, 1 fitness center ? more is not possible! The only thing missing? She! Give your career wings and get started with us! Ready for take off? With us you will learn everything about the top hotel industry from the bottom up and you will be part of the team from day one! Did the internationality and individuality of the hotel industry inspire you as a child? Then it's time to make your dream come true - our dual brand hotel offers the perfect starting point for your career. You are not with us? only" trainee, but a full team member who, together with the team, creates moments that are unforgettable. We would like to support you in going your own way and open the gates to the number 1 in the hospitality industry. Become part of the largest airport hotel Europepsas at the ?Three Cross of Europe." Become part of the Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel & Sheraton Frankfurt Airport Hotel & Conference Center and surpass yourself with us! It awaits you With us you will not only learn about a brand of the leading hospitality company ?Marriott International? know, but directly two! You get to know and love both the Sheraton and Marriott premium brands? so all doors are open to you after your training! A brand new apprenticeship awaits you with us, as a trainee specialist (m/f/d) for gastronomy, the doors to international top gastronomy will be open to you after your two-year apprenticeship! With us you will learn everything you need to know and you will go through all the gastronomic outlets to find exactly the sector in which you want to pursue a career after your training Through the specialized training we will make you a gastronomic professional ? Whether service, bar or events, after two years you have mastered everything! So that you can really focus, you alternate between two weeks in the company and one week at the vocational school. We are proud of our trainees and we show it! That is why we enable our trainees to take part in the national ?Trainee Conference? Participate in our Marriott Group and get to know other houses, trainees, general managers and HR managers? the perfect time to make contacts for later! We want you to experience something! That's why we give you the opportunity to win participation in the trainee exchange (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) in the second year of your apprenticeship and get to know one of our sister hotels as part of a two-week internship Start your career in top international gastronomy You want to develop yourself every day, to learn new things and to be part of a friendly and ambitious team already be able to get to know the gastronomy or hotel industry in the form of an internship or part-time job Your communicative way distinguishes you and you feel comfortable in both German and English, any other foreign language is an advantage Everyone offers the same thing - so do we ... but a bit more! Two brands under one roof? we offer you numerous opportunities to develop and rediscover yourself and your career 200 employees from different nations become one big family with us. Together we can achieve everything! Our team supports each other to achieve common goals and frome	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:06:18.708000
