8386	10991	Training as a specialist in gastronomy (m/f/d) from August 2023	What awaits you here? Best prospects for a job in the coolest corner of Travemünde. Because the resort is right at the mouth of the Baltic Sea and Trave. And the spectacular four-master "Passat" anchors right in front of our front door. Look forward to the numerous leisure and water sports opportunities and the UNESCO World Heritage city of Lübeck, which is only a stone's throw away from the Baltic Sea resort. Your Travemünde: You always loved the sea. In the past you could just sit on the beach, listen to the waves, count seagulls and look at the horizon. And now? What used to be a holiday is now part of everyday life for you. Everyday life in its most beautiful form. Because with your job in a top location right on the water, you've finally hit the bull's eye. But that's not all. The working atmosphere is as pleasant as a light Baltic Sea breeze on your skin. Back then you envied the sailors. Your sailing course starts tomorrow. You can't wait to crash through the waves and take a look at the aja resort from the water. The place that changed your life. School wasn't enough action for you? You don't care who wrote Faust? Neither do we! But we are interested in you. We are looking for people who spread a good mood and enjoy working with others. With us it never gets lame, because we always have something to do. You don't want to be bored, you want to hustle? Then apply now for your apprenticeship as a specialist in gastronomy (m/f/d) with us. Your future tasks: During this 2-year training you will get a quick insight into the service. You prepare our restaurant and bar for our guests You advise and serve our holiday guests in the buffet restaurant or at the bar You get an insight into our receipt of goods and kitchen After the end of the training you have the opportunity in a further year to train as a specialist -woman for restaurants and events service. What you bring with you: A school-leaving certificate - it doesn't matter to us whether it's a secondary school leaving certificate, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur You enjoy dealing with people directly You are a team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being taken on after the training 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our support you save 25? With the NAH.SH job ticket, monthly holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with ours Company pension plan With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date. You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Travemünde Am Leuchtenfeld 7 23570 Travemünde Ms. Simone Schramm Administration + 49 (0) 04502 8864 2556 verwaltung.travemuende@aja.de www. aja.de	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:07:44.654000
