8038	10643	Trainee (m/f/d) hotel specialist	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury Are you looking for varied tasks and would like to start your professional life in a family environment? We are looking for committed people to accompany us. Take your chance and complete your apprenticeship as a hotel manager (m/f/d) in our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe. The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, become a part of us! YOU ? like to be a host ... are warm, friendly, flexible and resilient? do you have a feeling for the interaction of the individual departments? have team and communication skills ? Are you an organizational talent and multi-tasker? have at least an intermediate school leaving certificate ... have very good knowledge of spoken and written German? have knowledge of foreign languages, at least in English Your tasks The hotel specialist ensures as organizer and coordinator in the hotel that everything runs smoothly and that the guest's stay is pleasant. Hotel professionals plan and organize the essential work processes in the hotel. The work is varied and includes a large area of ​​responsibility in the in-house areas of service, kitchen, reception, reservations, floors as well as in the areas of advertising and sales promotion, which are more outward-looking. In addition, they learn measures of channel management and revenue management. You improvise and keep an overview in all situations. After the training, you can work in almost all areas of the hotel and thus have the opportunity to specialize in a work and task area depending on your inclination and disposition. Your advantages Complete your training in an excellent hotel with a family atmosphere and lay the foundation for your international career Pass through all relevant departments with personal support from the HR department and the department head(s): Benefit from the fact that our HR manager Daniela Böhm is also a training ambassador for DEHOGA Bayern for the district of Miesbach is Take advantage of interesting subject-related training offers internally and externally as well as special offers from partners such as Corporate Benefits School Your specialist knowledge playfully with a learning app Always be well dressed with your free uniform Don't worry about cooking: thanks to our Spezlstubn you will be well catered for Live in the staff house (subject to availability) Park free of charge in front of the hotel (subject to availability) Hop into the lake with your colleagues after work? Or a short mountain tour before starting work? You live and earn your money in a place where others vacation. We are looking forward to your application! ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de!	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:02.060000
