5959	8564	Training as an industrial clerk (m/f/d)	Brewes is looking for you!
Brewes is a supplier and manufacturer of identification, health and safety and business supplies products. As a modern family company with over 100 employees, we have been combining stability with a high degree of dynamism and innovative strength for 30 years. Our customers include leading industrial companies worldwide. You can expect an attractive, modern working environment in which the focus is on people.
Do you love working with numbers and are you interested in business? Then you are exactly right with us! Apply now for your apprenticeship starting August 1st, 2023
Industrial clerk (m/f/d)

In your role you focus on:

A dual training consisting of theory and practice (duration 3 years), your vocational school is located in Löbau.
Insights into all areas of the company, e.g. sales, accounting, purchasing, human resources.
Getting to know and implementing the processes in a manufacturing company.
Customer advice, preparation of offers, follow-up and qualification of offers
Order entry for online and direct orders.
Building sustainable customer relationships.
Entering production orders.
Processing of complaints.
Master data maintenance in the merchandise management system.


We wish from you:

You have successfully completed secondary school or a technical college entrance qualification.
You are communicative and not afraid to work on projects together in a team.
You enjoy working on the computer and are interested in business processes.
You are not afraid of dealing with customers and enjoy talking on the phone.
You are enthusiastic, committed, reliable and have a high level of comprehension.


What you can expect from us:

A job with a future, because we would like to take you on as a permanent team member after your training.
Supervision by qualified trainers and friendly, helpful colleagues in a fair corporate culture with flat hierarchies.
Individually tailored development and training opportunities during and after your apprenticeship.
A wide range of health and sports activities with in-house fitness area and massages.


This is how it goes on:
Please apply directly online by sending us your application via our job portal. If you have any questions, use the contact details of Ms. Theresa Tippelt in advance: karriere@brewes.de or by phone +49 35829 628-842.
We are looking forward to your application!	Industrial clerk	None	2023-03-07 16:02:47.177000
