8314	10919	Training as a chef (m/f/d) from August 2023	Your workplace in Garmisch-Partenkirchen is in a top location. Here one postcard backdrop follows the next: Whether the idyllic Eibsee or the Zugspitze - Upper Bavaria has wonderful views in store. And the market town itself has a lot to offer: strolling through the center of Garmisch or the historic Ludwigstraße in Partenkirchen, the ski jump or just the view of Germany's highest mountain. Garmisch-Partenkirchen has a lot in store for a balanced end of the day with colleagues. And happy guests and great colleagues await you in your aja. The perfect work-life balance! Finally got your high school diploma and an office job is out of the question for you? Would you rather stand in the kitchen, earn your first money and really hustle? Then we are exactly the right hotel for you. Our holiday guests shove in everything that comes out of your pot. Dare and do your apprenticeship as a chef (m/f/d) with us. Our guests will thank you and so will we! Your future tasks: During this 3-year apprenticeship, you will gain deeper insights into everyday kitchen life. Your workplace is our buffet restaurant Whether for breakfast or dinner: you delight our guests with your cooked dishes With us you don't hide in the kitchen, but learn how to deal directly with the guests at the live cooking stations. You get an insight into Purchasing, costing meals and kitchen administration You bring: A school-leaving certificate - it doesn't matter to us whether it's a secondary school diploma, secondary school leaving certificate or Abitur You enjoy dealing directly with people Cooking is already your passion or it should become your passion You are a Team player and like to communicate with other people Changing working hours are not a problem for you We offer you: Qualified training in a certified training company Good chances of being hired after the training 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts , A-ROSA Resorts, HENRI Hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme With our internal training and further education program you will always be up to date. You recommend us to others and we reward you for it Bonago-Card ? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Our staff restaurant will take care of your daily well-being Contact: aja Garmisch-Partenkirchen Ms.?Evelyn Baumann Administrative Assistant Olympiastraße 30 82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen +49 (0) 8821 8209-2556 verwaltung.garmisch-partenkirchen @aja.de www.aja.de	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:07:35.813000
