8829	11434	Training as an industrial mechanic (m/f/d)	SMS group GmbH is an international plant and mechanical engineering company for the processing of steel and non-ferrous metals. We belong to the SMS group, which generates sales of over EUR 2.9 billion with around 14,000 employees worldwide. The Weiss Foundation is the sole owner of Holding SMS GmbH. The performance-oriented corporate culture of a strong family business and global presence are good reasons to shape the future with us.

At our location in Mönchengladbach, we offer qualified school leavers a special opportunity: vocational training in 2023

Training as an industrial mechanic (m/f/d)

Your tasks::

Basic skills and knowledge of manual and machine material processing and connection technology.

Obtaining the necessary qualifications in planning and controlling work processes, checking and evaluating the work results, applying and deepening what has been learned when assembling, dismantling, testing and adjusting machines, systems, hydraulic and supply systems as well as identifying, isolating and eliminating malfunctions.

In addition, we offer workshops, in-house courses and well-founded exam preparation.
Your profile::

- Interest in and understanding of technical/functional relationships
- Spatial imagination
- Ability to work in a team / flexibility
- Diligence and perseverance
- Handcraft
You have made good progress in your school education. • You enjoy learning. Now you want to further develop your skills and put them on a solid footing. An apprenticeship at SMS group is the right step.
Our range::
Our graduates often achieve above-average degrees • We offer particularly qualified applicants the additional option of studying for a Bachelor of Engineering.
Miscellaneous:
We expressly welcome applications from severely disabled people.

We look forward to receiving your application!

SMS group GmbH
Mario Schoelzel
Moenchengladbach
Ohlerkirchweg 66
41069 / Moenchengladbach
mario.schoelzel@sms-group.com
+4921613501445	industrial mechanic	None	2023-03-07 16:08:38.974000
