8062	10667	Trainee (m/f/d) specialist for restaurants and event catering	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury Are you looking for varied tasks and would like to start your professional life in a family environment? We are looking for committed people to accompany us. Take your chance and complete your training as a specialist for restaurants and event catering (m/f/d) in our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe. The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where the employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, become a part of us! YOU ? you like to feel like a host ... are warm, friendly, flexible and resilient? have team and communication skills ? Do you have a flair for exquisite food and drinks? have at least an intermediate school leaving certificate ... have very good knowledge of spoken and written German? have foreign language skills, at least in English Your tasks Travelers from all over the world, tourists, managers, conference participants, guests who just want to be pampered, are looking for peace and relaxation with cultivated food and drinks. As a specialist in restaurants and event catering, you represent the business and in the eyes of the guest you are the actual host. In order to build up their product competence for drinks and food, specialists for restaurants and event catering learn how to handle food correctly from the moment goods are received and stored, and also in the kitchen. You will be trained in particular in guest relations, at the bar and in service, including all related activities such as operating reservation and cash register systems and special types of service at the guest table. Specialists in restaurants and event catering are sought-after and sought-after specialists worldwide. Since there are often unskilled employees in the hospitality industry, well-trained specialists can take on responsibility at a young age. Your advantages Complete your training in an excellent hotel with a family atmosphere and lay the foundation for your international career Pass through all relevant departments with personal support from the HR department and the department head(s): Benefit from the fact that our HR manager Daniela Böhm is also a training ambassador for DEHOGA Bayern for the district of Miesbach is Take advantage of interesting subject-related training offers internally and externally as well as special offers from partners such as Corporate Benefits School Your specialist knowledge playfully with a learning app Always be well dressed with your free uniform Don't worry about cooking: thanks to our Spezlstubn you will be well catered for Live in the staff house (subject to availability) Park free of charge in front of the hotel (subject to availability) Hop into the lake with your colleagues after work? Or a short mountain tour before starting work? You live and earn your money in a place where others vacation. We are looking forward to your application! Contact Please send your application to our Human Resources Manager, Ms. Daniela Böhm. ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de!	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:07:04.993000
