8002	10607	training specialist (m/f/d) for system gastronomy - Bad Oldesloe	The ?real enjoyment? has turned boy The Bakery. prescribed since 1897. The family business has been owner-managed for four generations and is much more than a bakery. The pillars of success include the 4,300 passionate employees as well as innovative spirit and high quality standards for baked goods, snacks and coffee specialties. Junge has received multiple awards for its products, employees and innovations, and is now one of the leading companies in the bakery and quick-service restaurant sectors. The company, with around 200 stores, has developed into a coveted brand throughout Northern Germany and Berlin. Our sales staff appreciate the family atmosphere, the structured work and the security of a large, medium-sized company. Our offer: We guarantee you will be taken on if you perform well Up to 50% staff discount Your salary (incl. 100? youth bonus and up to 200? performance bonus): 1st year = 1,100 ? monthly, 2nd year = 1,200 ? monthly, 3rd year = 1,350 ? Monthly Regular training courses and intensive exam preparation Three free hot drinks per working day You will receive your personal training mentor Christmas bonus, capital-forming benefits Employee events Where? Bad Oldesloe, several locations Start: 08/01/2023 Wanted: people with taste! There is a good host in you who has already saved many a party with his well-organized approach. You are service-oriented, our expert when it comes to snacks and compliance with quality standards. You will be offered future-proof training with clear career opportunities for branch management. Your tasks: Production, presentation and sale of delicious hot and cold snacks and coffee specialties Preparing and preparing small dishes at the cooking station Commercial content for planning and controlling a business Analysis of visit and sales figures and ordering Were Personnel planning Information and advice for customers about ingredients and manufacturing processes Application of hygiene rules and occupational safety regulations Planning and implementation of advertising campaigns with regional and seasonal topics Storage and control of food, packaging material and operating resources Your profile: Middle school certificate / technical college entrance qualification / general university entrance qualification An open and friendly charisma Desire for customer contact, responsibility and fun at work in great and family teams Have you got a taste for it? Then apply now, preferably via our online application form on our homepage www.jb.de/jobs. We are looking forward to your application! Questions? Write us via WhatsApp: 0152 - 22 99 67 39	Specialist - system gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:06:57.605000
