3583	6188	Trainee energy technology - characterization energy concept	The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft ( www.fraunhofer.de ) currently operates 76 institutes and research facilities in Germany and is the world's leading organization for application-oriented research. Around 30,000 employees work on the annual research volume of 2.9 billion euros.

As one of 76 institutes and research facilities of the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, we show how to not only master crises, but how to grow from them. shifting boundaries. Always trying new things. Don't just think, think ahead. We turn research into the future.

We want an earth worth living on. Through applied research in the areas of climate-neutral energy systems, resource-efficient processes and circular products, we make concrete contributions to achieving the 17 Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations. Our employees conduct research in the fields of energy, environment, safety, health, communication and mobility.

In the energy systems department, the focus is on local energy systems for the supply of objects up to urban districts, whose dynamic system behavior we examine and evaluate based on models. During your internship, you will gain insight into a current research project on strategy development for municipal utilities. You join our team and support the project work with conceptual tasks, research activities and evaluation tasks.
Research tasks in the context of local energy supply
Characterization of care concepts
Evaluation of calculation results
Analysis and evaluation of energy systems
Exchange in the project team and with external project partners
 
Studies in the field of energy technology, mechanical engineering, process engineering or comparable fields
Knowledge of energy supply and energy-related relationships
Commitment and interest in the analysis of local energy systems
Experience in data analysis with Python is an advantage
Independent and conscientious way of working, high ability to work in a team and quick comprehension
Good knowledge of German in speaking and writing
 
Working at eye level and the opportunity to combine your knowledge from your studies with practical experience at the interface between business and science and to contribute your own ideas
New work, diversity and cooperative working together are clear components of our strategic orientation
Flexible working hours - we know that your studies come first
Flexible work locations that suit your studies - mobile work and work on site are combined as required
Versatile support in preparing your thesis
Health and mindfulness programs for a good balance

We value and promote the diversity of skills of our employees and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability as well as orientation and identity. People with disabilities are given preference if equally qualified.

The weekly worktime is 39 hours. The position can also be filled part-time. The remuneration is based on the federal guidelines on trainee remuneration.

With its focus on future-oriented key technologies and the utilization of the results in business and industry, the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft plays a central role in the innovation process. As a guide and source of inspiration for innovative developments and scientific excellence, it helps shape our society and our future.

Have we piqued your interest? Then apply online now with your detailed application documents. We are looking forward to meet you!	Engineer - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:54.008000
