8345	10950	Trainee m/f/d baker	Don't feel like a boring office job? Do you want to have the afternoons free and already lie in the swimming pool or pursue hobbies while others are still working? Do you want to see at the end of the working day what you have achieved? In short: You want to become a dough designer? Then you have found your perfect training here! The Badische Backstub' lives an open corporate culture in which you are welcomed by all your colleagues with open arms. Everyone here pulls together with a lot of heart and passion. You will always find a sympathetic ear, colleagues or management. You can be sure that you will learn a lot from your team, that there is an open error culture and that you will be a valued and valuable member from day one! Have we made you curious? Would you like to take the step into an exciting professional life? Then you've come to the right place and can find out everything you need to know about the apprenticeship as a baker (m/f/d). We at the Badische Backstub' offer from 01.08. or 01.09.2023 Apprenticeship positions as a baker (m/f/d) . Your qualifications: You have your high school diploma in your pocket. You are an early riser. You enjoy working with food. You like the team spirit. You are characterized by resilience and reliability. you love creativity What awaits you: The apprenticeship as a baker (m/f/d) lasts a total of 3 years. You learn a traditional, respected profession in a modern craft business. If you perform very well in the 3 years of your apprenticeship, you will earn up to 50% more than is stipulated in the collective bargaining agreement. You are guaranteed to be taken on if you perform very well and have an average grade of 2.5 or better. What we offer you: Company pension scheme Trainee card subsidy Collegial cooperation Varied tasks Traditional craftsmanship Employee discounts Free employee breakfast   If you would like to continue the baking tradition with us, we would like to welcome you to our team. Have we sparked your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your informative application documents at www.badische-backstub.de/karriere or directly by e-mail at bewerbung@badische-backstub.de.	Baker	None	2023-03-07 16:07:39.607000
