8255	10860	Trainee hotel manager (m/f/d)	Lindner Hotels AG is a family-run hotel company based in Düsseldorf and has a portfolio of over 30 hotels in seven European countries. The group offers two high-quality hotel brands under one roof: The classic brand Lindner Hotels & Resorts stands for individual business and resort hotels that are committed to all-round service for the guest. The me and all hotels brand, founded in 2015, relies on boutique character, technical finesse and local events in central city locations with individual design and casual flair. Not only our guests, but also our employees should feel comfortable with us. We are therefore proud to be one of the kununu Top Companies 2022 (Germany's largest employer rating portal). Our hotel: The Lindner Hotel Airport has 241 comfortably furnished guest rooms, apartments and suites in six different categories. In addition to the "Albatros" restaurant with 140 seats and a bar, our international guests can also use a modern conference center with eight conference rooms from 16 sqm to 200 sqm for up to 300 guests. Apply for an apprenticeship all year round. Please be sure to state the desired start of training! Our benefits: Special benefits within the training: Guaranteed employment after the training Lindner trainee onboarding ? In order to make your start with us easier, you will get to know the company and the content of your training in various ways. At the end you go on your first business trip - the Lindner AzubiOnboard welcome event Voluntary, internal exchange program L!FT ? get to know one of our other hotels for a period of 4 weeks Regular appraisal interviews on the status of the training TalentBootcamp ? Training event on soft skills, specialist knowledge and general exam preparation. Day to Stay? We will show you your career opportunities in the company, for the way after the training General Lindner Benefits such as: Reduced accommodation rates for you, your family & your friends in all Lindner Hotels & Resorts and me and all hotels Corporate Benefits - discounts at over 1000 well-known companies Anniversary and special bonuses Games, fun and lots of knowledge through our e-learning tool Education and training (external & internal) Capital-forming benefits and company pension scheme Company bicycle leasing via "Lease a Bike" Free parking or discounted job ticket Free service and cleaning of work clothes Team events The tasks: An exciting, demanding and, above all, varied apprenticeship awaits you! Hotel managers are the all-rounders in a hotel. You get to know the different departments in the house and go through areas such as:   Restaurant | Front Office | Housekeeping | kitchen | Banquet | Bar | various administrative departments such as sales | Event Sales | Accounting and the interfaces to Marketing & Revenue   After the training you will have an overview of all processes and can work in each of these areas. You communicate personally and individually with guests and respond to their needs, whether at check-in or check-out, in service or in direct sales or advisory discussions. Digital ways, booking platforms and IT hotel systems make the whole thing even more exciting. You will supplement your practical knowledge with the content from the vocational school. The profile: Your personality is our top priority! You are open-minded, communicative, helpful You have fun and enjoy dealing with people, guests and colleagues and working in a team You are flexible and motivated to learn new things You like to take responsibility and work independently The following is desirable: Completed school education first practical Experience in the hotel industry, e.g. through internships, IT knowledge and confidence in dealing with Office programs, good knowledge of German and English	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:28.591000
