8162	10767	Trainee (m/f/d) specialist for gastronomy	Find out more about our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe here: 5-star superior hotel 55 km south of Munich 108 rooms & suites 3 restaurants and lounges, including the gourmet restaurant Dichter (1 Michelin star // 3 red toques Gault Millau // 9 Gusto pans // 4 gourmet points ) Authentic event location Egerner Alm on the hotel grounds for private celebrations and events 4 conference rooms Hotel courtyard cinema with 20 seats Idyllic hotel park with 5,000m², unobstructed view of the surrounding meadows and mountains 1,500m² Mangfall Spa with swimming pool for swimming out Gym as well as a yoga and TRX studio We stand for a family environment, authentically lived traditions and sustainable management. #real enjoyment #quiet luxury Are you looking for varied tasks and would like to start your professional life in a family environment? We are looking for committed people to accompany us. Take your chance and complete your apprenticeship as a gastronomy specialist (m/f/d) in our Parkhotel Egerner Höfe. The Parkhotel Egerner Höfe is more than one of the most beautiful hotels on Lake Tegernsee. It is a place where employees live the hotel and catering industry to the fullest. Work where others go on vacation: Breathtaking nature from lake to mountain. A place where contemporary architecture meets Bavarian lifestyle. We are personal, honest and warm. If you find yourself in it, become a part of us! YOU ? are warm, friendly, flexible and resilient? do you enjoy a variety of tasks? have team and communication skills ? are you an organizational talent? do you have at least a qualified secondary school leaving certificate? have foreign language skills, at least in English Your tasks Specialists in the hospitality industry look after, serve and advise guests. They are used, for example, in restaurants or at festivities, where they set and decorate tables, serve drinks and food. In the kitchen they prepare simple dishes and are familiar with the hygiene regulations in the food sector. You will gain an insight into the area of ​​purchasing/logistics and warehouse management. After passing the final exam, you can also complete a one-year additional training course as a hotel specialist or specialist for restaurants and event catering. Your advantages Complete your training in an excellent hotel with a family atmosphere and lay the foundation for your international career Pass through all relevant departments with personal support from the HR department and the department head(s): Benefit from the fact that our HR manager Daniela Böhm is also a training ambassador for DEHOGA Bayern for the district of Miesbach is Take advantage of interesting subject-related training offers internally and externally as well as special offers from partners such as Corporate Benefits School Your specialist knowledge playfully with a learning app Always be well dressed with your free uniform Don't worry about cooking: Thanks to our Spezlstubn you will be well catered for Live in the staff house (subject to availability) Park for free in front of the hotel (subject to availability) We look forward to receiving your application! ... the quickest way is to use the online form or send an email to personal@egerner-hoefe.de!	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:07:17.241000
