6070	8675	Travel consultant: in (qualification) in the travel center of the DB, Lin	Travel consultant in (qualification) in the travel center of DB Specialist Travel consultant in (qualification) in the travel center of DB Lindau (Lake Constance), Germany Start date immediately DB Vertrieb GmbH Customer service/gastronomy, transport professions, sales full-time/part-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 205746 Job Ref. 179370 2 Job description You will go through a professional and enriching qualification that will support you on your way to becoming a travel consultant. In about 3 months you will learn and develop knowledge and skills for your new role. As soon as possible we are looking for you for a qualification as a travel consultant in (f/m/d) in the DB travel center for DB Vertrieb GmbH at the Singen location with the transfer points in Konstanz, Radolfzell and Tuttlingen. After your qualification you will take on the following activities You will take on the advice and sale of all offers in passenger transport through the travel center, at the machines and through new media (e.g. DB Navigator or delay alarm) You conduct sales talks in compliance with defined sales standards The committed and active sale of additional offers is also part of your area of ​​responsibility The committed and active sale of additional offers is also part of your area of ​​responsibility You carry out fare refunds and support customers with all matters related to their journey You ensure compliance with the cash register guidelines and the specified quality standards Profile You ideally have a successful apprenticeship with a commercial background or have already gained experience in sales. You like to help shape changes and enjoy learning new things. You find it easy to use a PC, smartphone and tablet, and you have knowledge of MS Office You also like to work in a customer- and service-oriented manner You would like to offer customers a solution for complaint and conflict management right from the first contact Willingness to work shifts (early and late shifts) and on weekends and public holidays is no problem for you You speak good English and ideally other foreign languages ​​Resilience, stress resistance and a well-groomed appearance round off your profile Applications from already trained travel consultants are of course also welcome. Your application Now simply start the application process online.	Tourism clerk (private and business trips)	None	2023-03-07 16:03:00.928000
