8167	10772	Unit Manager (m/f/d) for dean&david at Düsseldorf Central Station	As the world's largest catering trade, SSP operates sales outlets for well-known brands at train stations, airports and service areas in Germany: Burger King, Frittenwerk, KFC, Haferkater, Starbucks, Dean&David, Kamps, ServiceStore DB and many more. We are the Food Travel Experts and not temporary work! We are looking for you as a unit manager / branch manager / team leader (m/f/d) for our dean&david at the main station in Düsseldorf on a full-time basis. In this position, we assign the following tasks to you: You assume responsibility for the operational business. As our number one on site, you design the roster, ensure compliance with our quality standards and always have an open ear for your employees. In addition, you always have an eye on the inventory and the revenue security and carry out inventories. What you bring with you: You have already been able to prove your leadership qualities in the catering industry. Business knowledge will help you to understand the relationships and key figures in the restaurant business. You combine a hands-on mentality with a confident demeanor. You are willing to work in shifts. Of course, we are happy to cater to your individual needs. You have very good knowledge of German. More than 10 reasons to work with the SSP: Tariff payment Vacation bonus Christmas bonus Holiday bonus Reduced staff meals Up to 50% discount throughout Germany in all our other sales outlets Opportunity to participate in our employee share program 33% discount from the telephone provider Vodafone (also for existing customers) Employee offers from over 600 well-known Providers such as adidas, C&A, Thalia, Rossmann Comprehensive training and development opportunities Good transport links Do you like to help yourself, but would you like more responsibility? We look forward to receiving your detailed application documents!	Operations Manager - Hotel/Restaurants	None	2023-03-07 16:07:17.856000
