7863	10468	Vehicle system clerk (m/f/d)	Heike and Gitti take their best friend Ulla to the outlet center. You come to Maik's branch and urgently need an automatic vehicle with lots of storage space, a pretty color and an engine that is as inconspicuous as possible. Can Mike do it? Naturally! Because Maik can rely on our Vehicle Creation team. This is where the cornerstone for a smooth rental of our vehicles is laid. Would you like to contribute to making all information about the vehicles visible to our branches worldwide? Then become part of our 10-strong team as an experienced full-time vehicle system clerk (m/f/x). Helping all Maiks in the world from the Rostock city harbor sounds interesting? Then apply! If you have any questions, just call: 0381/8070 5420. What you do with us: That happens before your job starts: Our vehicle purchasing concludes contracts with the vehicle manufacturers about purchase quantities and times of vehicle models. Your job begins: You record based on the contracts conscientiously the data of these vehicles in the system and ensure that all information on details such as engine, shift type and navigation is stored correctly You ensure that all invoices for our vehicles are recorded correctly and thus guarantee a very high data quality Trust is good, control is better. Therefore, regular inspections of the systems are also part of your tasks. And if something doesn't fit or you have questions, you correspond with the branches or other departments by e-mail. Of course, you will receive thorough training and after about a month you can create your first vehicles yourself. What you bring with you: You have completed vocational training and several Years of experience in an office environment You feel confident in using MS Office products and have a strong computer affinity Your working style is characterized by accuracy, meticulousness and even with a high workload you can work in a concentrated and efficient manner You appreciate working in a team and understand that only a daily goal can be achieved together You are open to new areas of responsibility and are able to derive new topics independently ; Knowledge of Spanish is an advantage Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support with your pension scheme and capital-forming benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., an RSAG job ticket or a parking allowance, free cyber sports courses, fresh fruit in the office and numerous training courses for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide	Commercial Specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:40.510000
