8377	10982	Vehicle dispatcher (m/f/d)	We are looking for a convincing and qualified dispatcher / service assistant (m/f/d) for vehicle repairs for our team in the repair center in Groß-Gerau as soon as possible. Ideally with completed technical training as a two-wheeler or car mechanic, mechatronics technician, bodyworker, vehicle interior decorator or vehicle painter (m/f/d), with initial experience in awarding repairs and as a service consultant (m/f/d). Alternatively, with commercial training as a car salesman or office clerk with experience in the areas of cars, scheduling, workshops and repairs. What you do with us: You are responsible for scheduling repair and accident vehicles and in this context you are also involved in assessing damage You take care of the monitoring and scheduling of repairs to our vehicles You work closely together with our cooperation partners and workshops and are involved in price calculations and negotiations You check cost estimates and negotiate if necessary You process complaints in the escalation stage You advise and support the SIXT rental stations as well as the departments in our regional administration in technical questions You communicate fluently in German with our service providers and contact persons What you bring with you : You have completed technical or commercial training, preferably as a coachbuilder or car mechanic/mechatronics technician (m/f/d) or commercial training with an automotive focus. You have already gained relevant professional experience in the automotive industry, possibly as a service assistant/dispatcher (m/f/d) You are a team player with a positive attitude You have technical know-how and enjoy working with the latest and most modern cars You convince with assertiveness, commitment, coordination skills and negotiating skills You are enthusiastic about cars and own one Driver's license and have fluent German language skills. Additional information With the help of several regional locations, our repair center controls and organizes the repair assignment of the SIXT fleet as well as the handling of the buy-back processes of the car rental. You can expect a location that is easily accessible by public transport or your own car and offers parking right in front of the door. We have a diverse, challenging job for you in Groß-Gerau with a wide range of design options! We offer you a modern and dynamic working environment in a highly motivated team! We encourage initiative, organizational talent and creativity! We offer you 2,000? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for each hire through your recommendation. We value innovative spirit and commitment! In addition to performance-related pay, we offer an innovative environment for professional development with short decision-making processes! We will hire you for an unlimited period right from the start! We allow the build-up of up to 20 minus hours. We have cheap employee rates in the field of car rental! On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Have we sparked your interest? Your area of ​​work: SIXT customers travel internationally, so one or two scratches are inevitable. The teams in our repair centers and in the Damage Management department are responsible for determining how the damage occurred, assessing the damage and the repair costs, taking care of the scheduling of the workshops and getting the fleet back on the road. In order to be able to include all decision-making factors for clarifying the facts, our colleagues form the interface to SIXT branches, customers, authorities and insurance companies. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Account-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:07:43.551000
