7864	10469	Vehicle attendant (m/f/d)	As soon as possible, we are looking for committed temporary employees for our stations in Munich who will support us in vehicle maintenance and with short transfer trips. You deal responsibly with new and high-quality vehicles and have at least a category B or 3 driver's license? Then join our Car Support Team in Munich and support us part-time, full-time or on a mini-job basis! Please note: The hiring takes place as part of the hiring out of employees via a personnel service provider. What you do with us: You clean the interior and exterior of our premium vehicles. You accept the rental vehicles from our customers after the rental and then document the vehicle condition in an electronic return system (mileage, fuel level, visible damage, equipment). Occasionally, vehicle transfers between Sixt stations and vehicle deliveries and collections to and from customer locations are necessary. You check the vehicles for road safety, fill them up at public or company filling stations if necessary and make them available for the next rental. You greet our customers after signing a rental contract and accompany them to the vehicle. What you bring with you: You have a category B or 3 driving license (optionally additional BE/C/C1/CE) and sufficient driving experience. You have good knowledge of German; Basic knowledge of English is a plus. You can show an impeccable police clearance certificate upon request. You deal responsibly with new and high-quality vehicles. You are willing to work shifts and also accept weekend and holiday duties; the working hours are based on the opening hours of the individual branches; sometimes night shifts may also be required. You are interested in and enjoy handling vehicles. You are available full-time, part-time or on a mini-job basis. Additional information     Your work area: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by phone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales consultant	None	2023-03-07 16:06:40.633000
