3559	6164	W2 Professorship Engineering - Automation, Robotics, AI	Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences. Your way.
At the Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences, the following professorship is to be filled in the Department of Industrial Engineering in Krefeld:

Automation, robotics and AI

size W2LBesO W
The Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences is one of the largest and most efficient universities for applied sciences in Germany. We open up perspectives: With future-oriented academic training, we create the basis for our graduates to be in demand on the job market. Thanks to our problem- and transfer-oriented research, we are an innovative source of inspiration for the region and have a close cooperative relationship with companies, municipalities and institutions. The intensive supervision of the students by our teachers sets us apart.

Around 800 students are enrolled in the Faculty of Industrial Engineering. The research activities are organized in the two institutes GEMIT (business process management with IT) and SWK E² energy management and energy technology. The focus of teaching and research is in the areas of human-centered production, robotics, logistics, supply chain management, energy management and energy technology. The department has a number of laboratories, including a robotics, an IoT, a machine tool and a hygiene laboratory as well as an energy technology center.

The Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences is characterized by its location in the middle of the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region with a charming scenic environment on the left bank of the Lower Rhine and the border region to the Netherlands.
In your teaching and research area, you are primarily concerned with methods, applications and the implementation of AI-based automation and robotics. In the bachelor's and master's programs of the department, you will take on courses on this topic. In addition, you will be involved in interdisciplinary offers with the other departments of the university. Furthermore, a willingness to take on basic technical subjects is required.
You understand your subject in the context of the further development of classic production issues in connection with topics of human-machine interaction towards human-centered production and logistics.
You drive application-related research and development work and integrate yourself into joint projects - ideally within the institutes of the department and the university. They work together with business and industrial companies in the Lower Rhine region and are involved in scientific training and knowledge transfer for the region.
They develop the range of courses offered by the department and take on tasks related to academic self-administration in the department.
In addition, if necessary, you can export teaching to other courses at the university.
 

You have a university degree, preferably in engineering or computer science, natural sciences or a similar subject, as well as a relevant doctorate.

You have relevant practical experience in your field of work and can provide evidence of research activities in a technical environment.

You have strong communication, cooperation and team skills as well as the willingness to develop personally and professionally.

You can

work in an interdisciplinary environment.
Hold courses in both German and English.



General recruitment requirements according to § 36 of the law on universities in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia (Higher Education Act -HG-)


completed university studies
special aptitude for scientific work, which is usually proven by the quality of a doctorate
special achievements in the application or development of scientific knowledge and...	Engineer - mechanical engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:51.059000
