7636	10241	Waiter in the conference area (d/f/m)	As one of the leading companies in community catering, SV (Deutschland) GmbH operates more than 200 staff restaurants in a sustainable and future-oriented manner. You can look forward to a dynamic work environment, varied tasks, advanced fringe benefits, as well as internal support programs and further training opportunities. 79100 Freiburg im Breisgau SV Business Catering GmbH Full-time service staff, conference area (d/f/m) Well, would you like a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! That's what moves you Active participation and ensuring an optimal service process in the conference service Managing your own service station, operating the cash desk Ensuring the necessary mise-en-place Delivery of catering orders General tidying and cleaning work What you bring with passion for the service profession Experience in a similar position Advantage Quick comprehension, independent, team-oriented and flexible Open-minded and motivated personality who enjoys contact with guests Organizational talent Your advantages with us Performance-related remuneration Regulated working hours, weekends off Free employee catering We provide and clean the work clothing High product quality in modernly equipped companies Your place of work Together with your team in the In the conference area, you can surprise up to 400 guests every day in our SV conference center in Freiburg im Breisgau with a wide range of offers: varied menus, vegetarian dishes, salads and snacks from morning to night as well as a sophisticated catering offer for meetings and receptions. You work from Monday to Friday, depending on the roster. You can be used flexibly for occasional assignments in the evening. The company is closed on public holidays and weekends. Your advantages with us We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in various SV restaurants and get attractive employee rates in the hotels managed by the SV Group. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. In all our SV companies we offer you free employee meals and we provide you with your work clothes free of charge. Everyone talks about it, we have it. An open and modern working culture with plenty of room for ideas and development. SV Business Catering GmbH The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Janine Schulz, HR Recruiter	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:12.581000
