7734	10339	Waiter (d/w/m)	The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 7,000 people, 5,000 of them in Switzerland. Innovative, cordial, responsible ? is this how you imagine your working environment? Then you are exactly right with us! 60313 Frankfurt am Main Courtyard Marriott & Residence Inn Marriott full-time waiter (d/f/m) Well, do you fancy a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! That's what you do À la carte service in the staffed guest restaurant and compliance with our service standards Running your own service station with collection Ensuring the necessary mise-en-place for the service Compliance with and implementation of ISO and HACCP guidelines General tidying and cleaning work What you bring Completed training in gastronomy and enjoys contact with guests Good language skills in German and English, any other language is an advantage Communicative and open personality. Flexible, enthusiastic and responsible Quick learner, independent, team-oriented and flexible Guest and service-oriented with an eye for detail Your place of work Your new job is in Frankfurt. The Residence Inn by Marriott Frankfurt includes generously equipped rooms and suites, a modern conference and banquet area and an inviting guest restaurant. Our hotel is open 365 days a year. With over 1,000 hotels worldwide, Courtyard by Marriott hotels are a leading brand in their category and perfectly understand how to combine work opportunities, relaxation and fun. You work in a 7-day operation, depending on the roster. You are available flexibly in the evenings and on weekends. Your advantages with us Discounted hotel accommodation in hotels from Marriott International and Starwood Hotels & Resorts in over 7000 hotels worldwide. We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in all of our SV restaurants. Thank you for your commitment! 5 weeks vacation, a salary above the collective agreement, a 13th monthly salary and a permanent position is a matter of course for us. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. Courtyard Marriott & Residence Inn Marriott With more than 700 properties in ten countries, Residence Inn is recognized as a global leader in extended-stay lodging. The brand offers spacious suites and studios with separate living, working and sleeping areas. Marlon Christen, HR Recruiter	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:24.598000
