7712	10317	Waiter - patient service - service assistant - clinic - Flechtingen	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Dining room angel - service hero*in - service force! Are you looking for a new challenge and want to work in a professional team? Then support our well-known customer, a renowned clinic on the edge of the castle park with a view of the moated castle in Flechtingen, in the service. Your task: You look after the patients in the dining room. They ensure a smooth catering service by setting the tables and serving the daily meals and drinks. The preparation and follow-up of the work areas as well as the cleaning of these are also part of your tasks. Compliance with the food hygiene regulation and the hygiene and safety regulations always have top priority for you. Requirement profile:   Ideally first experience in service, we are also happy to give motivated career changers a chance Enjoy working in a team Friendly & polite manners Structured & independent work Very good knowledge of German, spoken & written Flexibility & reliability Category B driving license is an advantage Proof of complete Immunity against Covid-19 & measles We offer you:   An interesting, varied & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Deployment in the early & late shift between 05:30 & 7:30 p.m. Overnight accommodation (if required) can be provided by the customer Flexible rostering Conscientious on-site training by our customer Various employment models A fair & punctual salary Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital formation Benefits, holiday & Christmas bonuses Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Your future begins today! Apply now! Our branch manager Ms. Claudia Zerban is already looking forward to your application!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:21.920000
