8099	10704	Waiter/service staff (m/f/d) full-time / part-time	Come to Bad Saarow at the Scharmutzelsee! Right outside the gates of Berlin, but far away from everyday life. In the middle of a green park landscape and perfect for your work-life balance. There are plenty of leisure activities here. Here is also the only 5* superior golf course in Germany. And you can enjoy cosmopolitan flair in the exciting capital. Your Bad Saarow: Lunch break that tastes like vacation! You deserve it. Afterwards we continue. You look forward to it, even if it can get stressful. Just a moment to get some fresh air and relax. you think about yesterday Been on the bike at the Scharmutzelsee with two other vacationers. Leaves rustled in the wind. Feet cooled in crystal clear water. head free again. After work a short time in the a-spa. A few guests recognized you and greeted you warmly. Campus next week. experience something new. Just don't stand still. That's why you really want to play golf soon. And to go shopping in Berlin. It can go on like this! Welcome to the idyllic nature of Brandenburg not far from the Spreewald. Surrounded by deep forests, glittering lakes and green meadows, we welcome our guests to Scharmutzelsee in our aja Bad Saarow every day and are looking for you to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! What awaits you Your workplace is our buffet restaurant or the bar Your job: A friendly and fast service Whether at the evening buffet or at the bar: You advise our guests on their choice of drinks What we expect from you You enjoy dealing directly with people and happy as well Satisfied guests are your daily motivation An apprenticeship in the hotel/gastronomy industry, first professional experience in service or at the bar is great, but not a must. You are also very welcome as a career changer. Different shifts are no problem for you unlimited employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term payment according to the collective agreement including holiday pay 5-day week with detailed time recording holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program CAMPUS you always stay up to date Let's see something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? We will make them available to you and clean them free of charge If required, accommodation in inexpensive staff accommodation  aja Bad Saarow Amgolf course 2 15526 Bad Saarow Ms. Manuela Baschin Administration +49 (0) 33631 402 2556 verwaltung.bad-saarow@aja.de www. aja.de	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:09.533000
