8259	10864	Waiter (m/f/d) Jacobs Restaurant	Contemporary Hanseatic serenity on the Elbe: The Louis C. Jacob is a hotel for people who don't really like hotels. A private hotel with excellent, personal service? located on Hamburg's famous Elbchaussee, with a wide view over the river and 84 luxurious rooms and suites. Gourmets appreciate the creations from Thomas Martin's kitchen, wine connoisseurs appreciate the bottles from the legendary wine cellar. Friends of the vision love our world-famous lime tree terrace, immortalized by Max Liebermann. Above all, however, it is the 143 employees who take care of the well-being of the guests and make their stay unforgettable. When our guests felt like they were staying with friends, we are happy. - Gourmet restaurant ?Jacobs Restaurant? (awarded 2 Michelin stars and 17 points in Gault Millau) - Kleines Jacob wine bar - Six function rooms - Private art collection with over 500 originals - Hotel's own barge "MS Jacob" The Jacobs restaurant not only impresses with its high culinary quality, but also with its Ambience, characterized by almost 130-year-old stucco decorations and wall paintings and the incomparable view of the lime tree terrace, the Elbe and the passing ships. Kitchen director, Thomas Martin, celebrated his 25th anniversary in 2022 and stands for culinary passion. It stands for contemporary, light, classic cuisine with a French accent. The focus is on first-class, regional, seasonal and organically grown products. Confucius: Choose a job you love and you won't have to work a day in your life. Your tasks. You ensure a smooth menu service in the Jacobs Restaurant You advise our guests and make individual recommendations for the selection of food and drinks You prepare the mise-en-place in the service area You book the sales in the POS system Matrix You inspire our guests for the products of the and actively offer them. We are looking for employees of all levels of experience. Depending on your experience, you can become a Chef de Rang (m/f/d) or Demi Chef de Rang (m/f/d). Your profile You have completed training as a hotel specialist (m/f/d), restaurant specialist (m/f/d) or similar, alternatively relevant professional experience in gastronomy You like a more relaxed and at the same time professional service you You still have the goal of learning more You will work in a humorous and goal-oriented team that also maintains a family atmosphere behind the scenes You like to bring your own ideas and take responsibility You have the ambition to exceed the expectations of our guests again and again We offer: An open-ended employment contract: We want you to feel comfortable in the long term Your free time is important to us: 5-day week with detailed time recording Discounted job ticket for public transport with employer subsidy You, your family and friends can travel to all A-ROSA resorts at a reduced price , aja Resorts, HENRI Hotels, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, the Hotel NEPTUN and other partners. Are we already thinking about tomorrow today? with our company pension plan Your well-being is important to us, which is why we offer free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses. We train ? our internal training and further education program offers a wide range of training for everyone Do you want to make a change? We offer opportunities for advancement within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland Working with friends? we reward your recommendation for us as an employer Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers If required, accommodation in one of our staff apartments Contact Hotel Louis C. Jacob Ms. Ronja Schroeder Elbchaussee 401-403 22609 Hamburg 040 82255511 www.hotel-jacob.de personalbuero@hotel-jacob.de	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:29.079000
