8146	10751	Waiter/kitchen worker (m/f/d) part-time/full-time	HENRI HOTELS THERE?S NOTHING LIKE HENRI HENRI Hotels are urban boutique hotels with that certain something: genuine hospitality meets retro chic. A home for the moment. A place to calm down? a place of retreat from the hustle and bustle of the big city, where you can let go of everything. HENRI Hotels ? Always in the heart of the city and on the pulse of what's happening: With individual style and an authentic look, HENRI is at home in selected metropolises. The incomparable flair attracts individualists as well as business travellers. Incidentally, HENRI allows a wide variety of people to meet each other every day: Urban Citizens, Business People and City Tourists. See you at HENRI! HENRI HOTEL HAMBURG DOWNTOWN In the middle of the Hanseatic city, not far from the main train station, the HENRI Hamburg is located with its 65 studios in a 1950s/60s office building. Reception and bar are one here, as is HENRI?s compact spa & gym. And just like at home, everyone can access the kitchen and living room for themselves? from breakfast to the legendary evening meal. EVERY JOB SHOULD BE A HENRI JOB The morning hour has coffee in your mouth. Or bacon, scrambled eggs, muesli .... whatever: the waiter has everything under control: from looking at the buffet to serving the guest - despite the early hour - even small preparatory work in the kitchen is not an issue and on top of that it always stays some time for a stimulating chat with the guests, because at HENRI all hosts are like good friends at home. And yes, service at HENRI actually only refers to breakfast. In other words: taking care of the guests preparing and preparing breakfast meals buffet and table service working hours exclusively mornings until midday IN THE MOOD FOR HENRI? ?A HOST. Host with enthusiasm. Cosmopolitan, relaxed, empathetic, casual. ?AUTHENTIC. Stylish, original. You like to use your own head to help shape things. ?A LOCAL. In the heart. You rave about your city, your neighborhood, your HENRI. ?INDIVIDUAL. You just as much as HENRI. conventions? Heard it before, but with a wink for us. ?A PROFESSIONAL. First experience in the hotel industry or simply a passionate career changer. It's easy for you to enjoy your job and also think outside the box. Those who love HENRI can grow with HENRI, whether young or old. FROM HENRI FOR YOU HENRI is looking for a long-term job: That's why there is a permanent employment contract HENRI loves free time: 5-day week with detailed time recording, there is hardly any overtime and if so, then with compensation HENRI wants you to come to work relaxed: That's why he gives you a subsidy for your local transport ticket HENRI likes to travel: Therefore there are travel discounts for his family members and friends in all HENRI Hotels, aja Resorts, A-ROSA Resorts, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel Neptun and he has agreed discounts with other partners HENRI plans ahead: with the company pension scheme, he is already thinking about tomorrow HENRI health is important: That is why there is free supplementary company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses HENRI provides training: the internal training and further education program CAMPUS has the right training available for everyone HENRI has developed progress: A strong family behind you offers opportunities for further development in Germany, Austria and Switzerland HENRI is looking forward to new friends: Recommendations are rewarded HENRI likes to shop: With its Bonago card at over 200 premium partners HENRI likes to party: At team events with fun, jokes and dollerei you can look forward to ANY QUESTIONS? No shyness. Write us! Tell us what you have done professionally so far and what experience you bring with you. APPLICATION? AS SIMPLE AS HENRI! CV + love letter, selfie, video ? Whatever you like ? send it to us! Tell us who you are and what you can do. Your contact: Henri HENRI Hotel Hamburg Downtown Bugenhagenstraße 21 20095 Hamburg Email: jobs@henri-hotels.com www.henri-hotels.com	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:15.283000
