7777	10382	Waiter/chef breakfast full-time/part-time (m/f/d)	HENRI HOTELS THERE?S NOTHING LIKE HENRI HENRI Hotels are urban boutique hotels with that certain something: genuine hospitality meets retro chic. A home for the moment. A place to calm down? a place of retreat from the hustle and bustle of the big city, where you can let go of everything. HENRI Hotels ? Always in the heart of the city and on the pulse of what's happening: With individual style and an authentic look, HENRI is at home in selected metropolises. The incomparable flair attracts individualists as well as business travellers. Incidentally, HENRI allows a wide variety of people to meet each other every day: Urban Citizens, Business People and City Tourists. See you at HENRI! HENRI HOTEL Berlin Kurfürstendamm The HENRI Berlin with 72 studios and 9 apartments is located in Berlin, directly on Ku?damm. Reception and bar are one here, meetings are held in the men's room. And just like at home, everyone can access the kitchen and living room for themselves? from breakfast to the legendary evening sandwich. EVERY JOB SHOULD BE A HENRI JOB The morning hour has coffee in your mouth. Or bacon, scrambled eggs, muesli .... whatever: the service employee has everything under control: from looking at the buffet to serving the guest - despite the early hour - even small preparatory work in the kitchen is not an issue for him and what's more there is always some time for a stimulating chat with the guests, because at HENRI all hosts are like good friends at home. And yes, service at HENRI actually refers almost exclusively to the breakfast service, because the bar is used by the receptionist. "Almost" is only used here if there's a party coming up. In other words: looking after the guests buffet and table service preparation of breakfast dishes working hours exclusively in the morning until early afternoon IN THE MOOD FOR HENRI? You are? ?A HOST. Host with enthusiasm. Cosmopolitan, relaxed, empathetic, casual. ?AUTHENTIC. Stylish, original. You like to use your own head to help shape things. ?A LOCAL. In the heart. You rave about your city, your neighborhood, your HENRI. ?INDIVIDUAL. You just as much as HENRI. conventions? Heard it before, but with a wink for us. ?A PROFESSIONAL. First experience in the hotel industry or simply a passionate career changer. It's easy for you to enjoy your job and also think outside the box. Those who love HENRI can grow with HENRI, whether young or old. FROM HENRI FOR YOU HENRI is looking for long-term: That's why there is a permanent employment contract HENRI loves free time: 5-day week with detailed time recording HENRI pays fairly: Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses as well as supplements for night work HENRI likes to travel: That's why there is Travel discounts for family members and friends in all HENRI hotels, aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel Neptun and he has arranged discounts with other partners HENRI plans ahead: With the company pension scheme he is already thinking about tomorrow HENRI is Health is important: That's why there is free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses HENRI trains: The internal training and further education program has the right training available for everyone HENRI continues to develop: A strong family behind you offers further development opportunities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland HENRI is looking forward to new friends: Recommendations are rewarded HENRI likes to shop: With its Bonago card at over 200 premium partners and corporate benefits with the best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 suppliers HENRI likes to party: At team events with fun, jokes and dollery you can be happy. Any questions? No shyness. Write us! Tell us what you have done professionally so far and what experience you bring with you. APPLICATION? AS SIMPLE AS HENRI! CV + love letter, selfie, video ? Whatever you like ? send it to us! Tell us who you are and what you can do. Your contact person: Henri HENRI Hotel Berlin Kurfürstendamm Meinekestraße 9 10719 Berlin Email: jobs@henri-hotels.com www.henri-hotels.com	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:29.836000
