8394	10999	Waiter - waiter - service - part-time job - mini job - temporary help	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Service hero ? Mise-en-place magician ? service person! Are you looking for an attractive and varied part-time job? Then join our team and look forward to exciting assignments with our well-known customers from the gastronomy and hotel industry as well as at the most exciting events in the region. Your task: You support the teams of our diverse customers in all areas of daily service and are deployed according to your skills and preferences. Are you an early riser or a night owl? With us you have the opportunity to work in the early as well as in the late shift. You conscientiously prepare the service before and after and support in all service matters. They take orders, serve food and drinks, look after buffets and are always passionate hosts. Compliance with all HACCP specifications and regulations is a matter of course for you. Do you already have experience or training in the hospitality industry? Run your own station! With your competent and charming manner, you are the contact person for all concerns of your guests. Your profile: Ideally, a completed apprenticeship in a gastronomic profession, we are also happy to give career changers a chance Enjoy the role as a host Well-groomed appearance and good manners Commitment, motivation and team spirit Class B driving license is an advantage We offer you:   One interesting, varied & safe part-time job A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers In-house training courses that prepare you for the requirements of the customers Compatibility of family and work assignments according to your abilities A fair & punctual salary Your future starts today! Apply now! Our branch team is already looking forward to your application!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:45.651000
