8418	11023	Waiter/service staff (m/f/d)	Come to picturesque Ruhpolding in the Bavarian Alps. Live and work in untouched mountain nature, discover the Alps in summer for hiking and in winter for cross-country skiing in your free time. Make the holiday unforgettable for our guests! Then come back as friends. Your Ruhpolding: Get some fresh air and relax a bit. Watch the sun rise over the mountains. Simply put one foot in front of the other and climb the unique mountain panorama of the Bavarian Alps. A gentle breeze blows and you enjoy the unique view. Your day off in Ruhpolding could look something like this. And the next time you look forward to your job at the a-ja, to great colleagues and happy guests. Fresh mountain air, fantastic adventure trails and the most beautiful nature in summer and in winter? that is the wonderful diversity of the Chiemgau. With a lot of Bavarian joie de vivre, we welcome our active vacationers to our aja Ruhpolding every day and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: Your workplace is our buffet restaurant or the bar Your job: A friendly and fast service Whether at the evening buffet or at the bar: You advise our guests on their choice of drinks You bring with you: You enjoy dealing directly with people and are happy as well Satisfied guests are your daily motivation An apprenticeship in the hotel/gastronomy industry, first professional experience in service or at the bar is great, but not a must. You are also very welcome as a career changer. Different shifts are no problem for you : we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement including Christmas and holiday bonuses 5-day week with detailed time recording Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels and the hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension scheme We take care of your well-being - with free additional company health insurance for dentures and glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you will always stay up to date to date Let's see something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Ruhpolding Zell 2 83324 Ruhpolding Ms. Stefanie Holzner Administration +49 (0) 8663 417302556 verwaltung.ruhpolding@aja.de www.aja.de	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:07:48.586000
