7934	10539	Waiter for our Café PS3 in the Schauwerk (m/f/d)	Working in an international environment with global opportunities for further training - that's what we stand for. The Stuttgart Marriott Hotel Sindelfingen belongs to the Marriott International, Inc. group. With over 8,000 hotels worldwide and 30 recognized hotel brands in 131 countries, we are constantly growing. Become a part of the completely redesigned Stuttgart Marriott Hotel Sindelfingen - with 260 rooms and a master suite in a classically elegant design as well as 9 modernized and daylight-flooded meeting rooms for up to 350 people, the hotel in Sindelfingen is one of the most important business hotels in the Stuttgart area. "World-class service isn't just about a building. It's about people - our brilliant hosts." Mr. Bill Marriott - First Host and General Manager Working in an international environment with global training opportunities? that's what we stand for. The Stuttgart Marriott Hotel Sindelfingen is part of the Marriott International, Inc. group. With 7,000 hotels worldwide and 30 recognized hotel brands in 131 countries, we are constantly growing. Will you be a part of the completely redesigned Stuttgart Marriott Hotel Sindelfingen? With 260 rooms and a master suite in a classically elegant design as well as 9 modernized and daylight-flooded meeting rooms for up to 350 people, the hotel in Sindelfingen is one of the most important business hotels in the Stuttgart region. "World-class service isn't just about a building. It's about people - our brilliant hosts." Mr. Bill Marriott - First Host and General Manager To support our F&B team, we are looking for a new waiter for our Café PS3 in the Schauwerk (m/f/d) with immediate effect or by appointment. These are your tasks: You see yourself as a host, your name is We warmly welcome our guests and treat you in an open and charming way You ensure a smooth and guest-oriented service process You prepare the daily mise en place as required before complying with and implementing the Marriott Service Standards and the HACCP concept of preparing/serving drinks and providing support Preparing dishes such as bowls, salads, panini or quiche Collecting the customers of our café Participation in relevant meetings What we would like from you: Completed professional training as a restaurant or hotel specialist desirable or passionate career changer Already initial professional experience in the service area Unlimited passion for being a brilliant host A friendly and open-minded personality Quick wit as well as commitment and responsibility Well-groomed appearance and good manners, as well as communication skills, teamwork and reliability Confident German and English skills, both spoken and written We offer you: Responsible and multifaceted tasks in the Food and Berverage area Working in a dynamic and international team Varied activities in the entire F&B area of ​​the hotel (banquet, à la carte, bar and room service) A pleasant working atmosphere and appreciative cross-departmental cooperation Support programs and good opportunities for advancement On-the-job training Annual employee parties Annual salary increases Holiday and Christmas bonuses in accordance with the general collective agreement Discounts on the VVS ticket Meals in the in-house staff restaurant "Meet & Eat" Free parking in our hotel underground car park All the advantages of an international hotel chain with over 8,000 hotels worldwide Contact Have we aroused your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your complete online application. Simply click on "Apply online now". All job vacancies worldwide and more information about a career at Marriott can be found at: www.marriott.de/careers You can also contact us at: www.facebook.com/marriottjobsandcareers www.twitter.com/marriottcareers www.linkedin .com/company/marriott-international Marriott International is committed to being an inclusive company culture and hiring people from diverse backgrounds. TO THE JOURNEY...	Specialist - Gastronomy	None	2023-03-07 16:06:49.226000
