7904	10509	Waiter (d/f/m/)	The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 7,000 people, 5,000 of them in Switzerland. Innovative, cordial, responsible ? is this how you imagine your working environment? Then you are exactly right with us! 60313 Frankfurt am Main SV Hotel full-time waiter waiter (d/f/m/) Well, fancy a new favorite job with new favorite colleagues? Preferably immediately? Then let's go! What you do À la carte service in the staffed guest restaurant Running your own service station with collection Ensuring the necessary mise-en-place Compliance with our service standards General tidying up and cleaning What you bring At least two years of experience in upscale gastronomy and service-oriented with an eye for detail Organizational talent, independent and clean working methods, team player German level B1-B2: independent use of the language, knowledge of English B1-B2: independent use of the language Quick comprehension, independent, team-oriented and flexible Your location Your new job is in Frankfurt. The Residence Inn by Marriott Frankfurt City Center has 157 generously equipped rooms. Our hotel is open 365 days a year. With over 1,000 hotels worldwide, Courtyard by Marriott hotels are a leading brand in their category and perfectly understand how to combine work opportunities, relaxation and fun. You work in a 7-day operation, depending on the roster. You are available flexibly in the evenings and on weekends. Your advantages with us Discounted hotel accommodation in hotels from Marriott International and Starwood Hotels & Resorts in over 7000 hotels worldwide. We are passionate hosts and love good food! That's why you can eat at a discount in all of our SV restaurants. Thank you for your commitment! 5 weeks vacation, a salary above the collective agreement, a 13th monthly salary and a permanent position is a matter of course for us. With us, all motivated employees have the opportunity to develop further. No matter what level: as a responsible and fair employer, we offer every employee development prospects. SV Hotel The SV Group is a leading gastronomy and hotel management group based in Dübendorf near Zurich. The group is active in several business areas: restaurants for companies and schools, hotels with own brands and other well-known brands as franchisees, public restaurants with innovative concepts as well as gastronomic delivery services and catering. The SV Group employs around 6,100 people, 4,200 of them in Switzerland. Marlon Christen , HR Recruiter Innovative, sincere, responsible ? is this how you imagine your working environment? Then you are exactly right with us!	Restaurant specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:06:45.545000
