7038	9643	Ward manager in the department of geriatric psychiatry, residential area manager	The AWO Dusseldorf. For the people. With heart. Non-denominational, people-oriented, innovative, active. We are committed to a socially just society in which there is room for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity, origin, belief or physical and mental abilities. By signing the "Charter of Diversity", we promote diversity in all its facets and value an open and non-discriminatory working environment. "Together - for each other" is therefore our motto. They have heart and they have lion courage. They hold hands and keep things going. They accompany and support, they strengthen and protect. They are everyday heroes with superpowers, fighters with kid gloves. You have our appreciation. In all facilities and services, they simply do great things every day. We are proud of each and every one of them. Now we need reinforcements. You find yourself in the description and you can imagine being part of the AWO VITA gGmbH? We are looking for a ward manager/residential area manager (m/f/d) for a large residential area on a part-time or full-time basis as soon as possible to further develop our care and support quality. Shape your professional perspective with us. Evaluation, planning and coordination of the care organization of the living area Active participation in the continuous further development of the existing care concept Conducting regular service meetings, care visits and employee appraisals Ensuring professional and contractual basic and treatment care and the implementation of care standards Trusting and constructive cooperation with relatives, doctors, social services and all other people involved in the care process Implementation of the AWO mission statement and quality management Training as a nursing specialist (m/f/d) Completed further training as a nursing service manager/residential area manager Cooperative and motivating employee management Respectful treatment of elderly people in need of care and their relatives Distinct empathy as well as friendly and Reliable demeanor Fun and motivation to work in a multi-professional team Interest in setting up and supporting a forward-looking care organization Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified. Are you interested in the position and would you like to support us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application with cover letter, CV and supporting documents. In the selection process, only online applications received via the AWO job exchange will be considered. Do you have any questions about the advertised position? Then feel free to contact us! Your work pays off: Remuneration according to the collective agreement (TV AWO NRW) plus an annual bonus Attractive company pension: We finance your company pension scheme 100 percent Less expensive on the go: Discount on your Rheinbahn ticket A committed, appreciative and open team An apprenticeship – many opportunities to work within the AWO Düsseldorf: With us you have many prospects You know who suits us: Recruit specialists and we will reward you with a bonus for your successful work Offer for all employees: Social and care advice Values ​​we live by: Tolerance, fairness, justice and freedom of religion Functioning works council committees and representatives for the severely disabled Secure, permanent employment in a growing social enterprise	nurse	None	2023-03-07 16:04:59.393000
