6103	8708	Warehouse employee (f/m/d), Frankfurt am Main (60549), Hessen,	Warehouse employee (f/m/d) Your tasks For our location in Frankfurt, we are looking for a warehouse employee / forklift driver (f/m/d) to strengthen our team as soon as possible. Your tasks Storage of goods Operation of industrial trucks Receipt of consignments of goods at the entrance Requirements Your profile Forklift truck license required Experience in handling hand scanners Willingness to work in shifts Ability to work in a team, reliable and resilient Benefits Attractive conditions In addition to various fringe benefits and a company pension scheme, we offer our employees (m/f/d) additional attractive benefits. Attractive Payment We pay a branch-oriented, above average salary. Working Atmosphere As a team, we can achieve the best for our customers, employees (m/f/d) and the global community therefore a pleasant working atmosphere is very important to us. Our offer At DB Schenker you are part of a global logistics network that connects the world. A network that enables you to actively shape your career and encourages you to break new ground. With more than 76,000 colleagues worldwide, we embrace diversity and grow with each individual's experiences, perspectives and skills. Together we are here to move. Contact If you are interested in this varied task and would like to strengthen and support a dedicated team, then we look forward to receiving your application, stating the possible starting date and your salary expectations. Please apply exclusively via our applicant portal. Upload your CV, cover letter and certificates (ideally as a .pdf) there. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us on telephone number 49 30 297 49479. At DB Schenker, we are proud of the diversity of our teams and we are determined to push it further. Therefore, we welcome all applicants, regardless of gender, age, disability, nationality, religion or sexual orientation. DB Schenker does not accept applications from agencies. Please do not forward CVs to our application mailboxes, employees or company locations. Schenker Deutschland AG/DB Schenker assumes no liability for costs arising from unsolicited applications.	dockworker	None	2023-03-07 16:03:04.987000
