8313	10918	Warehouse / logistics employee at BELANTIS (m/f/d)	EVENT PARK GmbH is a young and modern company in Central Germany with excellent growth prospects in the dynamically developing tourism region of Leipziger Neuseenland. With the two business areas, the adventure kingdom BELANTIS and the event agency EmiR Entertainment, EVENT PARK is an important employer in Leipzig for around 250 employees. With more than 60 attractions, the AdventureReich BELANTIS invites the whole family to an adventurous trip around the world. In the middle of the dynamically developing tourism region ?Leipziger Neuseenland? located, the amusement park BELANTIS with more than 60 attractions offers a realm of adventure for the whole family. We (experience) the fascination of amusement parks, make people happy - every day with our work. Become a warehouse / logistics employee (m/f/d) in the amusement park! Are you looking for a new challenge in the field of warehousing and logistics that will fulfill you in the long term, in which you can take on responsibility and be part of a great, small team? In our central warehouse you receive all goods that we need in the amusement park and distribute them to our restaurants and shops. You prepare events and provide supplies when necessary. You work primarily in day shifts, support the winterization and inventories. With us you will find an adventurous working day instead of monotony between the high shelves. Your day-to-day work as a warehouse logistics employee (m/f/d) Recording of incoming and outgoing goods, delivery note and invoice control Picking, disposition and internal distribution of goods Guarantee and compliance with applicable storage, food and hygiene guidelines Monitoring, care and control of all cool and warehousing systems Monitoring stocks, master data maintenance in the merchandise management system and ordering of goods Entry and exit control of vehicles and people on the business premises Our benefits For your way to us: Free parking, subsidized job ticket (25.01 ? employer share, 19% discount on Various subscription options) or free rental bike For your happiness: Season ticket for you, your partner (m/f/d) and your kids and thus discounts and free entry to many other amusement parks worldwide For your soul: Coffee 4 free, a cheap one Canteen during the opening days, regular company celebrations and more Your benefits You have training in the field of warehousing and logistics You have professional experience in a warehouse, e.g. a retail chain, a restaurant or another central warehouse You have a class B driver's license and ideally also first experiences with forklifts in the food sector and a health pass desirable, but not a requirement You are physically resilient, reliable and can work independently Your adventure A seasonal job in the warehouse and logistics team at BELANTIS Your working hours You usually work between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m., also during park opening hours Weekends and public holidays Your remuneration Depending on previous experience between 12.50 ? - 16.00? / h Working methods & team You work in a team with a team leader, seasonal workers and temporary workers and stand in for the team leader when you are absent Your start From mid / end of March Convinced? Then apply with your CV, your certificates and your contact details. Our application process usually consists of a personal interview and a trial day to get to know the team.	logistician	None	2023-03-07 16:07:35.691000
