8734	11339	We are looking for you as a sales representative (m/f/d)	Ranger has been one of the leading European companies for personal advice for customers in direct sales for 30 years. Our product partners entrust parts of their sales to us. Ranger stands for a high level of quality and sets high standards as a dynamic and innovative company.

At Ranger, we stand out from the crowd. Your day-to-day work in the field will consist of a mix of flexible working methods and varied work. Monotonous work is never mentioned here! Ranger offers you the perfect platform for making a career and expanding your range of tasks with growing experience.

Sales representative (m/f/d)

This is what awaits you at Ranger: :

-
We inspire you for sales
Energetic and unerring, we want to develop you into one of our top salespeople

-
One team one mission
We tackle challenges together - we attach great importance to motivation, appreciation and support

-
Our common togetherness
From interns to the highest management level - we are all on the same eye level

-
Your efforts will be rewarded accordingly
Those who show ambition and will have the opportunity to receive attractive salary advantages - you also have the opportunity to take part in employee competitions and incentives and win sensational prizes

-
take chances
At Ranger, YOU have the chance to exploit your full potential with various training courses and the option of an IHK certificate

Would you like to tackle these tasks: :

- You take responsibility for the expansion of sales through active and structured acquisition of new projects and customers
- You actively respond to the individual needs of customers and implement them accordingly
- In your position as a sales representative, you will strengthen lasting customer relationships and constantly expand your customer base
- Cooperation and exchange with your sales colleagues are part of your everyday work

You match Ranger if: :

- You are interested in selling products and ideally have already gained professional experience as a customer advisor, restaurateur or in a similar position
- Your appearance is convincing and you can inspire new customers for our products through your knowledge of human nature
- You have the ability to express yourself fluently in the German language
- Your profile is rounded off by your passion for team spirit, communication and willingness to learn

Ranger Marketing & Vertriebs GmbH is a sales company in the area of ​​private and business customers. Your application documents with your personal data will be passed on within our sales network in the application process based on location. Please only apply if you expressly agree to this. Your personal data will be deleted promptly in accordance with data protection regulations. Further information on our data protection, in particular your right of withdrawal, can be found at https://www.ranger.de/datenschutz. You can find the data protection consent in the application process at https://www.ranger.de/datenschutzsrecht-einständigung.

Ranger Marketing & Sales GmbH
Ms. Ann-Kathrin Today
Ranger Marketing & Sales GmbH
jobs@ranger.de
0211 / 20008209
0151 / 26119858	field worker	None	2023-03-07 16:08:27.387000
