6189	8794	Web developer for WordPress projects (m/f/d)	Do you enjoy discovering the latest technologies?
 and love to use it in programming?

         Full-time/part-time, PERMANENT

         Freiburg


       Brainson is a digital agency that develops and programs individual web solutions, web applications and online configurators. We are dynamic, effective and experienced. Our customers from the larger medium-sized companies see us as the speedboat. We offer strategy, conception, creation and technical implementation as well as service and further development of WordPress projects. Through our subsidiary marmato Brainson GmbH we offer professional SEA and SEO services as well as marketing automation. Thus, customers receive a comprehensive range of services in online and internet marketing.
       WordPress developer web developer (m/f/d)
       As a Wordpress developer, you design and program outstanding websites in the front and back end. You realize convincing web projects in a team with UX/UI designers and other web developers. You will also work with the specialists from the SEO and SEA units.
Techstack
WordPress front and back end
HTML and CSS, PHP, JavaScript
Advanced Custom Fields, Plugins, RestAPI & Co
NPM, Composer, Gitlab
Alpine.js, Timber & Twig, Tailwind CSS


         your area of ​​responsibility
Design WordPress websites that work
Further development of our WordPress template as well as our own plugins, modules and components
Support, optimization and maintenance of existing WordPress customer projects
Conducting code tests and code reviews
Optimization with an eye on performance and technical SEO factors
Assessment and advice on technical implementation options

 If you are interested and have the right experience, you can take on responsibility as a product owner or for a team.


         your profile
Specialist knowledge in WordPress
a lot of experience with ACF, Plugins, Pagebuilder, RestAPI & Co.
analytical, independent and structured way of working
focused and concentrated work
You contribute your work to the team and advance projects
You are always up to date with web technologies
It is important to you to continue your professional development
You love the challenge of developing exactly the solutions that fit the problem
At least 3-4 years of professional experience - preferably even more
Newcomers with experience are welcome


         What we offer you
An open corporate culture, space for your personality and a lot of personal responsibility
Exchange with colleagues on technical issues
Permanent full-time position
Home office options & free time management
Free drinks, snacks and lunch
We offer you a proper onboarding and equip you with the right hardware
Dogs are allowed
Regular team events
Close to downtown in a quiet location
Connection to public transport
We are ecological and sustainable



          interest aroused?
         You can find more of our team here:
https://karriere.brainson.de/
 Call me or apply directly

Apply now

           Contact details:
          Daniela Kirsch, bewerbung@brainson.de
 0761 705868-0	software developer	None	2023-03-07 16:03:15.588000
