7753	10358	Wellnessmasseur m/w/d	Boutique resort hotel in the countryside with a relaxed, luxurious atmosphere We have been a family business since 1446. Today we are an exclusive hotel with 64 rooms and suites that has received numerous awards. We are in the middle of the Southern Black Forest Nature Park with a wide range of outdoor sports options and only 20 minutes from the university town of Freiburg. When dealing with employees, we attach great importance to a contemporary, cooperative management style. Our 70,000 square meter property with private park has several buildings from different eras, including a wellness pavilion with a total area of ​​1,800 square meters. In recent years, we have made the transition from a venerable grand hotel to an elegant and stylish boutique resort hotel through extensive renovations. Highly committed to the Black Forest tradition, Baden specialties are served, but also fine Asian, classic French or Mediterranean cuisine. Purchases are mainly made from regional companies by delivery or at the farmer's market. The gourmet board is included in the room price. External guests are also catered for upon prior reservation. Conferences and private parties with a maximum of 60 guests take place here and there. The completely glazed "Pavillon Diva" is one of the most extravagant event locations in the Black Forest. We, the family-run company PureWellness / Homburger are looking for beauticians to strengthen our wellness experts! We are represented in the most beautiful hotels in the southern Black Forest. Among them is the boutique resort hotel Parkhotel Adler. If you enjoy working in a beautiful ambience, looking after the guests with your warmth and contributing your professional experience, we see you as a team member who could be a good fit for us. Here you are involved: Reception of the SPA guests Competent advice and support for our discerning guests Execution of wellness massages and cosmetic treatments Active recommendation and sale of our treatments and product lines Preparation and control of receipts Shared responsibility for order and cleanliness for an attractive ambience in the SPA area Bring it You with: Completed professional training in the beauty or wellness area Flexibility and willingness to work weekends and public holidays A personable, guest- and service-oriented demeanor with a communicative personality A sense of organization and an affinity for sales What we offer you: A future-oriented job with a wide range of tasks Permanent employment all year round with a above-standard payment Company pension scheme Employer subsidy for discounted job ticket for bus and train Additional income through product sales and tips Working in a technically competent team with a personal environment and high-quality products from Maria Galland High-quality treatment rooms in an exclusive ambience Employee benefits in the form of discounts for products, treatments and hotels	Masseur and medical lifeguard	None	2023-03-07 16:06:26.920000
