8395	11000	Wellness masseur (m/f/d) with up to 1,000 ? starter premium	When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of comfortable beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! When one of the longest sandy beaches in Germany calls, then beach vacationers and bathing beauties are not far away. In the midst of cozy beach chairs, singing seagulls and old fishing boats, we welcome our guests every day in aja Warnem端nde directly on the Baltic Sea and are looking for you (m/f/d) to support our team. We give our guests service with a lot of heart, we are holidaymakers and wish-fulfillers. You share this passion and would like to give our aja guests a relaxing break from everyday life? Perfect! Then you are exactly right in our team! Your future tasks: With your instinct, you pamper our guests in the spa with classic loosening or relaxation massages You are our NIVEA representative and consultant: you give our guests comprehensive advice on the NIVEA product range for the perfect fit You make sure that your work area Always looks great Hygiene and occupational safety are a matter of course for you You accompany internal and external guests through their feel-good experiences - from reception to farewell Not to forget: The provision of laundry and laundry disposal You bring with you: Successfully completed professional training as a state-approved masseur (f /m/d) or comparable training, wellness therapist, wellness masseur or similar. First professional experience desirable but not mandatory: additionally acquired qualifications from the entire field of wellness massages. You support your colleagues and show full commitment to yours Discretion and your tact every guest can feel comfortable Your attitude: I have tact! We offer you: Starter bonus of up to 1,000 ? (gross, for full-time and employment for at least eight months) A permanent employment contract: we want you to feel comfortable with us in the long term Payment according to the collective agreement 5-day week with detailed time recording We want you to come to work relaxed - with our With support you save 20% on the local transport ticket monthly Holiday discounts for you, your family and friends in all aja resorts, A-ROSA resorts, HENRI hotels as well as the Hotel Louis C. Jacob, Hotel NEPTUN and other partners Think about your tomorrow today - with our company pension plan We take care of your well-being - with a free additional company health insurance for dentures as well as glasses / contact lenses With our internal training and further education program you always stay up to date See something new? we offer you further development opportunities within the group of companies in Germany, Austria and Switzerland You recommend us and we reward you for it Bonago-Card? Shopping vouchers for you at over 200 premium partners Corporate benefits ? Best discounts on high-quality offers from more than 1,500 providers Whoever works together can also celebrate together? we look forward to our team events with you aja employee clothing? we will make them available to you and clean them free of charge Contact: aja Warnem端nde Zur Promenade 2 18119 Rostock-Warnem端nde Ms?Carmen Radermacher Human Resources Coordinator +49 (0) 381 - 202 71 2556 personal.warnemuende@aja.de www.aja.de	Masseur and medical lifeguard	None	2023-03-07 16:07:45.772000
