7980	10585	Werkstudent Talent Marketing (m/w/d)	Are you interested in the topics of marketing, human resources and employer branding? Are you curious, reliable, have an affinity for numbers and would like to work with us to inspire new talent for SIXT? Then you are exactly right here! Support our talent marketing team as a working student (m/f/d) and work on large employer branding campaigns, support exciting projects in talent marketing and learn how to best market job advertisements with classic online marketing tricks. Sounds good to you? Then apply now! DO WHAT YOU LOVE You will independently take on administrative tasks for the distribution of our job offers on external job platforms and on social media You will support the planning, coordination, implementation and control of marketing campaigns to market our vacancies and our employer brand You will support us in optimizing our job offers and take over the proof-reading and the correction of the texts you support the creation of content for our online presence and social media channels (Instagram, TikTok etc.) COME AS YOU ARE you are enrolled and already have some practical experience in the field (online) Marketing, HR, employer branding or personnel marketing You bring a high degree of initiative and a quick wit and your way of working is conscientious and reliable You have good MS Office knowledge and are familiar with the most well-known social media channels You bring fluent German, also very good knowledge of English (spoken & written) Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: When it comes to marketing, communication and sales, nobody can fool us. Through our apps, websites and online marketing channels, we are the (digital) face for our customers. Our national and international (online) campaigns have received numerous awards in the past. We excel in creativity and know how to efficiently win clients with excellent communication. In marketing at SIXT, everyone has the opportunity to work with us to expand our market leadership in Germany and Europe. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Sales-Manager/in	None	2023-03-07 16:06:54.880000
