8236	10841	Werkstudent Investor Relations (m/w/d)	In the Investor Relations area, everything revolves around presenting the company on the capital market. SIXT shareholders, both institutional and private, require timely, transparent and regular communication on the business model, the asset, financial and earnings situation and, increasingly, on sustainability aspects. Would you like to take on responsibility, are you interested in the world of capital markets, but also have a passion for contact with people and are you good at creating presentations? Juggling with words and numbers is child's play for you? Then you've come to the right place with SIXT and the Investor Relations team! We are looking for a working student (m/f/d) Investor Relations as soon as possible and look forward to receiving your application! What you do with us: You will be entrusted with the preparation of financial presentations and the preparation of other capital market information. You will take on administrative tasks in the context of organizing and holding events (mainly general meetings, analysts' conferences, Capital Markets Day and other investor events). You will process the IR-E mail account and are the first point of contact for telephone inquiries You support the IR team on all topics relating to the SIXT sustainability strategy You take on the research and provision of market information and look after the IR website What you bring with you: You are completing a (technical) university degree with a focus on economics, maybe even with a focus on the capital market, company valuation or accounting You are interested in and enjoy topics in the areas of mobility sector, capital market and finance You convince with strong communication skills and an engaging demeanor and bring organizational talent and initiative You are good with numbers and balance sheets and read income statements You are experienced in using MS Office applications, especially Power Point and Excel, and speak fluent German and English Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our Law & Taxes teams are our internal consulting units of the SIXT organization. Together with international colleagues, the teams take on and support numerous projects from a tax and legal perspective and help to make important decisions on a daily basis. Working in the Law & Taxes departments at SIXT stands for a varied range of topics, short decision-making processes and a friendly, collegial atmosphere. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners we are in more than 110 countries	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:07:26.277000
