8025	10630	Werkstudent (m/w/d) Front Office	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Working student (m/f/d) Front office benefits Corporate benefits Health measures Capital-forming benefits Good transport connections Employee restaurant Employee and family & friends rate in our hotels Parking lot Employees & trainee events Maritim Academy Your tasks We are looking for you as a working student (m/f/d) for our front office team! General reception activities during the shift in the early and late shift You take over the reception and the care of our national and international guests Check in and check out of our hotel guests Accepting and processing reservations when the reservation department is not manned You control and process online reservations and guest files Your Profile You are studying, would like to have contact with guests and would like to earn some extra money Your German and English skills are good You are a passionate host You are a team player, have organizational talent and have an overview even in stressful situations Contact For questions about the position, career and the company We are at your disposal and look forward to receiving your application.	Receptionist (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:07:00.462000
