7621	10226	Werkstudent People PMO & Communications (m/w/d)	Are you in the middle of your studies and looking for a working student job in HR and especially in communication and/or project management? To strengthen our PMO (Project Management Office) & Communications team in the area of ​​People Management in Munich, we are looking for a working student People Communications and Projects (m/f/d) as soon as possible. Do you enjoy communication and would you like to work with us on complex HR topics in an exciting way? Ideally, you have some experience in project management, would you like to contribute your ideas and also take on projects directly? Then in your student job in the People PMO & Communications team at SIXT we offer you an exciting mix and a varied range of tasks to gain your own experience in the area of ​​human resources and especially in project management and HR communication. DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You support various HR projects in the People & Culture area You create roadmaps and project plans to achieve optimizations in the entire People & Culture team. You help to prepare data for various stakeholders and make it visible You write and edit editorial content on HR topics for the intranet. You support the creation of communication plans and internal communication campaigns and accompany the introduction of new products and initiatives in the area of ​​people management. COME AS YOU ARE: You are studying business administration, communication sciences or a similar course You are an organizational talent and thanks to your foresight and your structure you always have everything under control You are characterized by an analytical and structured way of working as well as your communication skills You are a creative mind, you get things done also prepare complex topics in a simple and target group-oriented way and also enjoy creating multimedia content You are a professional in MS Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint, you are proficient Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits at SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the support, further development and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of new work, transformation support, HR systems and people analytics. The promotion of innovation, a working environment in which everyone feels comfortable and in which future-oriented work is valued are some of our most important goals, which we work towards every day. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles	Personnel Administrator	None	2023-03-07 16:06:10.733000
