7728	10333	Window cleaner (m/f/d)	ENJOYMENT MAKER - Hospitality made by Phantasialand As part of our team, you will delight our guests in all of our pleasure manufactures every day with your own recipes, sophisticated craftsmanship, passionate creativity and individual service. We are looking for you for our incomparable variety in experience restaurants? Exquisite cuisine with gourmet standards Experience hotels ? Unique Worlds of Pleasure Fantissima ? Culinary art and entertainment at the highest level Event catering ? the perfect indulgence concept for every occasion Cafés and snacks ? something special every day Become a pleasure maker in the kitchen and service - learned or unskilled - full of enthusiasm for sophisticated cuisine, passionate colleagues and great products. We look forward to seeing you! www.phantasialand.de/de/ Genussmacher- Werden These exciting tasks await you: You are responsible for cleaning the windows in the entire park yourself You pay attention to the care of glazing, frames and edgings You use high-quality cleaning products to ensure that all window panes remain streak-free That inspires us:     You are trained as a building cleaner or already have relevant professional experience     You have a high hygienic sense of responsibility     You have a certain eye for detail and don't stop at the smallest speck of dust     You are an open-minded and communicative personality and enjoy dealing with our guests You work independently, are flexible and resilient You have good knowledge of German What you can look forward to: A fair and performance-related salary with prospects Up to 250? Monthly bonus    Sunday and public holiday surcharges     A full-time or part-time job with predictable working hours     Initially limited with the aim of becoming permanent     Working in one of the best amusement parks in Germany     A heavily discounted job ticket (also for private use), a cheap staff restaurant and a selection of free drinks and Fruit Contact Anabel Vega Granda Phantasialand ? Team Recruitment  Berggeiststraße 31-41 ? 50321 Brühl ? Applicant hotline 02232-36373	Helper - cleaning	None	2023-03-07 16:06:23.864000
