7991	10596	Working student car rental (m/f/d) airport	Are you still upset or do you already have fuel in your blood? Would you like to make sure that Sarah doesn't mind the traffic jam in a comfortable limousine on her business trip, even if she's almost late for her appointment? Or that the Kraus family still makes it to the ski hut with full luggage in the SIXT off-road vehicle without the snow groomer having to rescue them? Then join the team at one of our branches as a car rental student trainee (m/f/d) and make our customers happy. Don't worry: we'll teach you everything you need to know about cars and much more! With us you get an hourly wage of 18.65? and on top shift surcharges. Sounds interesting? We are also looking forward to you as a career changer or hotel specialist, salesperson, travel agency employee, receptionist or service employee (m/f/d)! What we offer you: ATTRACTIVE SALARY: 18.65? Hourly wage (gross) SUPPLEMENTS: For holiday, night shift and Sunday work PLANNING SECURITY: 20 days of vacation and regulated working hours within the branch opening hours with duty rosters approx. 3-4 weeks in advance that take your wishes and hobbies into account THE BEST COLLEAGUES: Work with yours friends and receive 2,000 as an employee (m/f/d)? (gross) Refer-a-Friend bonus for every hire through your recommendation ONBOARDING TO TAKE OFF: Start with a training week, continuous exchange with your own mentor, support from sales coaches, SIXT quizz app & much more DRESS TO IMPRESS:? We will provide you with multiple copies of your designer uniform & subsidize the cleaning costs. GREAT EMPLOYEE CONDITIONS: SIXT rent, share, ride & SIXT+ as well as discounts from partners for travel, beauty, clothing etc. DEVELOPMENT: Would you like more? We offer further training and advancement opportunities & give you continuous feedback SOCIAL & HEALTH: DiverSIXTy program to promote a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, free cyber sports courses and psychological hotline What you bring with you: You are like us: friendly, motivated and enjoy direct customer contact You have initial practical experience in sales, service or tourism (e.g. retail, hotel, catering, reception or customer service) You work reliably, are responsible and like to organize You can speak German and English fluently with our customers You are ready to work in shifts and also on weekends or public holidays You have a valid driver's license You are a registered student (m/f/d) and would like to actively support us for approx. 20 hours per week What you do with us: You let our mobility wishes come true customers come true and finds the right vehicle for every customer. You are an organizational talent and always have an eye on the availability and utilization of the fleet. Even in turbulent times you keep your smile and represent SIXT as a premium provider. After our training at the SIXT Academy, you will be very familiar with our services and systems and will also help new colleagues to quickly feel comfortable. Additional information Your area of ​​work: As a mobility service provider, our Branches & Operations department is the contact point for our customers: whether by telephone, via app or in the SIXT branches. That means: premium service directly to the customer, advice and sales in exchange and responsibility for the rental process of our premium fleet. Being part of the team makes it easier to explain our products, find the best solution for the customer and manage the day-to-day business. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Helper - Hospitality	None	2023-03-07 16:06:56.223000
