6350	8955	Working student: in Controlling / Processes & Digitization (m/f/d)	Bayernwerk Netz GmbH | Regensburg | Temporary | part-time | 214026

We make it possible for around 7 million people in the Bavarian regions to be reliably supplied with energy, the smartphone battery to be charged in the morning and the e-car to be driven. The energy revolution is succeeding: around 300,000 decentralized generation plants are already feeding green electricity into our grid. Bayernwerk is developing the energy system of tomorrow with innovative solutions. The Bayernwerk Group offers an exciting mix of different companies and orientations: from network operation - expansion, maintenance and further development of the energy networks - to customer solutions and electromobility. Shape the future of energy with us

To strengthen our team at Bayernwerk Netz GmbH, we are looking for a working student: in Controlling / Processes &amp; Digitization (m/f/d). If you are interested, please apply by March 2nd, 2023.

A task that challenges.

As a regional supply network operator, we see it as our core task to ensure the energy supply with future-oriented energy networks and solutions. You support our controlling in the handling of commercial processes as well as their documentation and digitization.

Together with your team, you work operationally with the specialist departments of Bayernwerk Natur GmbH and support the various technical teams in commercial processes.
You are actively involved in extrapolation and closing activities (IFRS and HGB).
The maintenance and migration of data in SAP is also part of your tasks.
You support the development of a wiki for the documentation of (commercial) processes.


A background that convinces.

"We before I" is very important to us. You are part of a team that stands up for each other and takes responsibility.
You are interested in the energy industry and commercial relationships.
You are characterized by entrepreneurial understanding, result orientation, analytical thinking and a proactive, efficient and structured way of working.
You have already gained initial experience in dealing with SAP FI and CO and / or show a high willingness to learn to familiarize yourself with the system.
You are a student of an economic subject such as economics, business administration, economics, controlling or a similar course.

An environment that inspires.

We are Bavaria's largest regional network operator and part of the E.ON Group. Get to know exciting and forward-looking areas of work with us.
Benefit from our strong network and make contacts within the company. Through our working student loyalty program, we can stay in touch and maybe soon welcome you to an entry-level position at Bayernwerk.
So that you quickly feel part of the team and feel comfortable in the Bayernwerk family, we design your induction together with you, because our team is a unit. Not only do we work well together, we also have a lot of fun together.
As a working student (m/f/d) it is possible to work up to 20 hours/week during the lecture period (up to 37 hours/week during the lecture-free period) in consultation with the department. Your successful degree is always our top priority! We therefore take your lecture and examination schedule into account when planning your working hours

Do you still have questions?
For more information on the recruiting process, please contact Verena Mundt, +499412017888
Questions about the area of ​​responsibility or the future team will be answered by Mathias Dilger+498912542512

Start your next career step with us and apply online by March 2nd, 2023.

With our open and appreciative corporate culture, we welcome everyone. Because we are convinced that differences enrich us. The integration of people with disabilities corresponds to our self-image and we therefore welcome their application.	Assistent/in - Controlling	None	2023-03-07 16:03:35.228000
