8975	11580	Working student (f/m/d) IT support in training	Together we make the difference

Siemens Mobility is an independently managed company of Siemens AG and has been a leading provider in the field of mobility for over 160 years. Our core business includes rail vehicles, railway automation and electrification solutions, turnkey systems and the associated services. We have always been very innovative to make travel faster, safer and more comfortable. Today we need new solutions for new challenges such as climate change and increasing global populations. That's what drives us. That's why we design mobility with passion and are always one step ahead. Through digitization, we make infrastructures intelligent and create opportunities that get us from A to B sustainably and seamlessly. Our 38,200 employees are mobility pioneers who help keep the world moving.


What are you contributing?

- You support our training team in the administration of the local IT infrastructure (e.g. IT onboarding of new trainees, device management).
- You are the contact person for local IT problems and requirements.
- You support the implementation of (pilot) projects and actively shape them (e.g. IT equipment for trainees, network expansion).
- You will also help with events for trainees and dual students.


What are you bringing?

- You are studying computer science or a comparable course and are available to us for approx. 20 hours per week.
- You have basic knowledge of network and computer architecture.
- You are confident in using common Office 365 tools.
- You also speak fluent German.


What do we offer you?

Inclusion & Diversity

At Siemens Mobility, we fight against injustice and inequality. With us you will find an environment in which you can be yourself and belong.

purpose

We are pioneers of mobility. With us, you make an active contribution to the turnaround in traffic and climate protection in a market of the future, because our transport solutions reduce CO2 emissions all over the world.

Mobile working / remote working

With us you have the opportunity to work hybrid. This means that you can be mobile to a significant extent. We have officially regulated this by means of a company agreement.


You can find an overview of our benefits here.


How do you contact us?

www.siemens.de/mobility
if you want to find out more about Siemens before you apply.
+49 (9131) 17 52430
if you would like to clarify initial questions personally with our recruiting team. The contact person for this job advertisement is Julia Greff.
www.siemens.de/karriere
if you would like more information about jobs & careers at Siemens.

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.	Computer scientist (university)	We create what others dream of
Curiosity, passion, creativity - there are characteristics that apply to everyone who works at Siemens. And when 385,000 of those people work together, the results become extraordinary.
We analyze, ask questions, find solutions, test and refine. From sketches on café napkins to 3D printed prototypes, we believe brilliant ideas can come from anywhere. Our employees drive their projects forward with passion. We develop and patent more than 7,500 inventions every year all over the world.	2023-03-07 16:08:56.792000
