5979	8584	Working student: in project controlling – Wallisellen	Working student in project controlling 60 - 80 Working student in project controlling 60 - 80 Wallisellen, Switzerland 60 - 80 temporary Stadler has been building trains for over 80 years. With our innovative strength, flexibility and reliability, we are now a leading manufacturer of rail vehicles. In addition to our Swiss locations, around 13,000 employees work at several production and engineering locations and over 70 service locations in Europe, North America and North Africa. Stadler Signaling is the competence center for signaling technology and digitization of the Stadler Group with several locations in Germany and Switzerland. In the areas of automated driving (ATO), train control systems (ETCS), driverless metro trains (CBTC) and electronic interlockings (ESTW), our teams of highly qualified employees work internally on the further development of our signaling solutions. We are looking for reinforcement for our team in order to shape the future of mobility together Your tasks Carrying out analyzes as part of the monthly and annual financial statements Processing of ad hoc analyzes of internal and external stakeholders Participation in the further development of processes Temporary help in financial accounting Maintenance of Master data in internal systems Your profile Current studies in the field of business administration with a focus on finance and controlling Secure MS Office skills (especially MS Excel) Independent and reliable working methods, analytical and communication skills Willingness to familiarize yourself with new topics and to assume responsibility within the team Fluent German and English skills Further information Start immediately or by arrangement International dynamic environment with start-up character and high diversity Varied and exciting area of ​​responsibility with flexibility for mobile The recruitment process usually consists of two rounds of interviews (MS teams and on site, with HR line) Applications via agencies will not be considered. I'm happy to help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. We are looking forward for your online application. About the application Information about the application Letter of motivation This is optional with us. However, we would not want to do without a complete CV, job references and training certificates. A maximum of seven files (each with a maximum of 50 MB) can be uploaded. Anna Bauer HR Manager T 41 44 878 82 77	Controller/in	None	2023-03-07 16:02:49.626000
