7962	10567	Working student (m/f/d) reservation	Our employees are the heart of our success As an owner-managed company, we know that the success of our company is decisively influenced by our employees. That is why job satisfaction and the advancement of each individual are top priorities for Maritim. Our trainees are happy to remain part of the Maritim family even after their final exams, develop further with the Maritim Academy and often take on managerial positions after a short time. The Maritim Hotelgesellschaft and its subsidiaries in 36 hotels in 7 countries offer interesting tasks, good pay and great opportunities for advancement. Whoever works with us decides for lived hospitality and quality. You too can benefit from the extensive range of further training courses offered by the Maritim Academy, active participation through regular employee surveys and a good work-life balance. What are you waiting for? Apply now! Working student (m/f/d) Reservation Benefits Corporate benefits Health measures Capital-forming benefits Good transport connections Employee restaurant Employees and family & friends rate in our hotels Parking lot Employees & trainee events Maritim Academy Your tasks We are looking for you as a working student (m/f/d) for our reservation! Acceptance and processing of telephone and written reservation requests Personal and telephone customer support from the preparation of offers and contracts to invoice control and obtaining feedback from guests Advising our customers on the various room categories, facilities and service offerings of the hotel Processing of no-shows, commission lists and interface bookings (System bookings) via the OTAs and our website Room sales based on the company’s yield strategy and specifications Your profile You are studying, would like to gain initial experience in reserving a large hotel and would like to earn some extra money Your German and English skills are good You are a host out of passion You are a team player, organizational talent and have an overview even in stressful situations Contact We are happy to answer any questions you may have about the position, career and the company and we look forward to receiving your application.	Reservation clerk (hotel)	None	2023-03-07 16:06:52.677000
