7737	10342	Working Student People Operations (m/w/d)	Have you always wondered why so many great, brilliant and wonderful people work at SIXT? Then apply now and find out. We are looking for a working student (m/f/d) People Operations to join our People & Administration team. If you are a registered student (m/f/d) and interested in exciting and diverse HR topics, you have come to the right place. Come to us, we look forward to seeing you! What you do with us: Our employees are our customers? You will support our People Administration & Services team in all personnel-related administrative and organizational tasks. You will take on operational activities throughout the employee life cycle, such as drafting contracts and documents, certification and references. You will be the contact person (m/f/d) for our employees and HR interfaces (national and international) You ensure a high level of employee satisfaction with your professional communication What you bring with you: You are a registered student (m/f/d) - ideally in the field of business administration with a focus on human resources or business psychology You are interested in administrative personnel processes and have distinctive Communication skills Ideally, you have already been able to gain initial experience in HR administration through internships You are characterized by a strong sense of service and a high level of service orientation and you enjoy working independently and in a process-oriented manner You speak very good German and at least good English You are reliable for us 20 hours a day Week available Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. For you in particular, this means: 20 days of vacation and flexible working hours. Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can not only offer you comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your co-workers, and no wonder you get a bonus of 2,000 for referring friends as new employees. (gross) get. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Of course, you also get employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., free cyber sports courses and free training for your individual development. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Our employees put our company in the fast lane - our HR team is in the race for the best talents worldwide every day. However, successful HR work at SIXT does not stop with selecting and hiring the right talents! Rather, we combine the support, further development and well-being of our talents with the business requirements of new work, transformation support, HR systems and people analytics. The promotion of innovation, a working environment in which everyone feels comfortable and in which future-oriented work is valued are some of our most important goals, which we work towards every day. About us: We are one of the world's leading mobility service providers with a turnover of 2.28 billion euros and around 6,400 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (taxi, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 242,000 vehicles, the services of 2,500 cooperation partners and around 5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present at 2,180 rental stations in more than 110 countries. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are top priorities. We rely on real entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!	Personnel Administrator	None	2023-03-07 16:06:24.963000
