3563	6168	Working student energy technology - accompanying research districts	The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.de) currently operates 76 institutes and research facilities in Germany and is the world's leading organization for application-oriented research. Around 30,000 employees work on the annual research volume of 2.9 billion euros.

As one of 76 institutes and research facilities of the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, we show how to not only master crises, but how to grow from them. shifting boundaries. Always trying new things. Don't just think, think ahead. We turn research into the future.

We want an earth worth living on. Through applied research in the areas of climate-neutral energy systems, resource-efficient processes and circular products, we make concrete contributions to achieving the 17 Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations. Our employees conduct research in the fields of energy, environment, safety, health, communication and mobility.

The investigation of the energy supply of neighborhoods is becoming increasingly important. By considering the energy supply of a district as an energetic unit, unused efficiency potentials can be leveraged. As part of the ENERGY TRANSITION BUILDING research initiative, Fraunhofer UMSICHT accompanies the neighborhood projects funded there. What you do with us

Research, preparation and maintenance of data on neighborhood projects
Creation of profiles for individual neighborhood projects
Supporting evaluations in the context of meta-analyses
Identification and processing of current trends in the district area
 What to bring

Studies in the field of energy technology, energy informatics, engineering or economics related to energy topics
Interest in innovative district concepts as well as electricity and heating network supply structures
Ability to work independently, responsibly and scientifically
Very good knowledge of Microsoft Office applications
Very good knowledge of German and good written and spoken English
 What you can expect

Working at eye level and the opportunity to combine your knowledge from your studies with practical experience at the interface between business and science and to contribute your own ideas
New work, diversity and cooperative working together are clear components of our strategic orientation
Flexible working hours - we know that your studies come first
Flexible work locations that suit your studies - mobile work and work on site are combined as required
Versatile support in preparing your thesis
Health and mindfulness programs for a good balance


We value and promote the diversity of skills of our employees and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social background, religion, ideology, disability as well as sexual orientation and identity. People with disabilities are given preference if equally qualified.

The weekly working time is between 15 hours. The position is initially limited to 6 months. The remuneration is based on the general works agreement on the employment of assistants.
With its focus on future-oriented key technologies and the utilization of the results in business and industry, the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft plays a central role in the innovation process. As a guide and source of inspiration for innovative developments and scientific excellence, it helps shape our society and our future.

Have we piqued your interest? Then apply online now with your detailed application documents. We are looking forward to meet you!	Engineer - process engineering	None	2023-03-07 15:57:51.550000
