8375	10980	Working student/temporary assistant (m/f/d) event gastronomy (back office)	Working student/temporary assistant (m/f/d) event gastronomy (back office) WELCOME! Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we at Aramark are the best employer* in our industry!? If you would like to work in an unconventional team, if you enjoy spontaneity, if a 9-to-5 job is too monotonous for you and music is your elixir of life, then support our team as a working student/temporary worker (m/f/d) Event gastronomy (back office) Bremen | Working student/intern Working hours: flexible (by arrangement) Job ID: 973-353/2023 Apply now Click on this link to apply for the position. Our wild card: Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment with attractive remuneration Flat hierarchies and quick decision-making processes Company health management Attractive employee discounts with a large number of partners Diverse further training and development opportunities Go on tour with us: support the team in the back office at our Bremen location Participation in the preparation of events and festivals (e.g. accreditation of employees) General office work Participation in the design of various festival projects Your line-up for our team: Interest in the catering and event industry High quality awareness, reliability and team spirit MS Office -Knowledge Temporal flexibility Willingness to travel Contact Do you have questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Vivien Ziegan will be happy to help you by phone on 0421-320915 or by e-mail to bewerberteam@aramark.de. About Aramark and GTB Welcome to Aramark! Aramark is the event caterer with the highest turnover in Germany and reliably demonstrates gastronomic class and creativity in stadiums, arenas, zoos and at trade fairs. Our subsidiary Gastro Team Bremen has been active at the most important festivals, open-air and concert events, a large number of major events and event locations in Germany and Austria since it was founded in the mid-1990s. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more about Aramark at karriere.aramark.de or connect with us on Instagram and Linkedin. * Source: Industry evaluation Kununu.com 2022 WELCOME Is that our clear message? for all team players! What could be nicer than working in a place where you are warmly welcomed? With us you will experience friendliness, have a secure job, you can develop yourself, be yourself and you will be valued. Maybe that's why we at Aramark are the best employer* in our industry!? If you want to work in an unconventional team, you enjoy spontaneity, a 9-to-5 job is too monotonous for you and music is your elixir of life, then support our team as THE task of supporting the team in the back office at our location Bremen Participation in the preparation of events and festivals (e.g. accreditation of employees) General office work Participation in various festival projects Interest in the catering and event industry High quality awareness, reliability and team spirit MS Office knowledge Time flexibility Willingness to travel Real team spirit and great passion for what we do Secure employment with attractive remuneration Flat hierarchies and fast decision-making processes Company health management Attractive employee discounts with a large number of partners Diverse training and development opportunities Contact Do you have any questions about this job offer or need help uploading your documents? Vivien Ziegan will be happy to help you by phone on 0421-320915 or by e-mail to bewerberteam@aramark.de. Welcome to Aramark! Aramark is the event caterer with the highest turnover in Germany and reliably demonstrates gastronomic class and creativity in stadiums, arenas, zoos and at trade fairs. Our subsidiary Gastro Team Bremen has been active at the most important festivals, open-air and concert events, a large number of major events and event locations in Germany and Austria since it was founded in the mid-1990s. United by a great passion for first-class service, our more than 6,000 employees enrich the lives of millions of people with pleasure, every day. Learn more	Banquet manager assistant	None	2023-03-07 16:07:43.304000
