6005	8610	Work preparer: in Fahrbahn, Benno-König-Straße 4, 12487	Work preparer in roadway Specialist, Academic Professional Work preparer in roadway Benno-König-Strasse 4, 12487 Berlin Start date immediately DB Bahnbau Gruppe GmbH Transport Infrastructure Full-time (Duration Unlimited) Job no. 208471 Job Ref. 180563 2 Job description As soon as possible we are looking for you as a work preparer in roadway (f/m/d) for the DB Bahnbau Gruppe GmbH in Berlin. The area of ​​application is the east region of the roadway. Your tasks Your area of ​​responsibility includes the processing of tenders in the offer phase - the focus is on track construction and civil engineering You plan, optimise, create and implement construction processes, methods and procedures You are in constant contact with calculators, site managers and project managers You recognize opportunities and risks in the creation of construction processes and thereby create additional offers You collect offers and are an advisory contact person for customer inquiries (external/internal) You conduct offer discussions and any additional negotiations with the various clients Your profile You have completed a university or technical college degree in the Fields of civil engineering or industrial engineering/traffic engineering or comparable training, alternatively many years of practical professional experience in the field of railway superstructure/civil engineering You have a secure handling of standard and application-related software (Office 365) Knowledge of application-related software (Tilos, iTWO) is an advantage You show commitment and you are resilient even under deadline pressure The following words describe you independent, initiative, committed, flexible, communicative and a team player You are organized. You can assert yourself against others. You have a class B driver's license. Your contact. Your application. Now simply start the application process online.	work planner	None	2023-03-07 16:02:52.920000
