8208	10813	Yield & Pricing Manager Van & Trucks (m/w/d)	Are you interested in tomorrow's mobility solutions, want to take responsibility for pricing and product design in the area of ​​revenue management, and actively help shape operational processes from vehicle delivery to rental? With your analyzes you set standards for pricing and shape the strategic orientation of the products. You know what is behind the terms target group segmentation, competitive analysis and revenue optimization and how car rental companies, airlines and/or hotels regulate demand and occupancy through capacity and price control? Then you are exactly right with us! We are looking for motivated and dedicated Yield & Pricing Managers (m/f/d) for our expanding Vans & Trucks division to start as soon as possible. We are looking for employees (m/f/d) who are enthusiastic about new topics and ready to take on responsibility from day one. Sounds interesting? Then apply and start in the area of ​​Revenue Management at SIXT. DO WHAT YOU LOVE: You are responsible for the market and earnings-oriented product and pricing, as well as their management via various booking channels and customer segments. You develop strategies to achieve market share as well as sales and margin targets. You create price models for various customer segments and implement new products in the area of ​​pricing , are the interface to marketing and sales and are in close coordination with the country manager You make systematic observations and analyzes of your market with regard to pricing and fleet management and derive concrete measures and decisions from them You create ad hoc analyzes and carry out profitability checks and actively shape our internal reporting systems You take responsibility for new products, participate in the further development of our tariff system and have the opportunity to work on exciting projects in the field of revenue management COME AS YOU ARE: You have successfully completed your studies in the field of tourism, business administration, economics , logistics or appropriate professional training Ideally, you already have some professional experience in pricing, yield or revenue management or product management independent, structured, goal-oriented and enjoy teamwork You are strong in communication and assertiveness and have fluent German and very good English skills for communicating with international colleagues Additional information Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means specifically for you: 30 days of vacation, support with old-age provision & capital-forming benefits, mobility allowance of 20?/month and flexible working hours. You can decide from where you want to start your work: Up to 50% of your monthly You can work completely mobile and from anywhere, including up to 30 days per year in other European countries (EU, CH & UK). In addition, you will of course receive employee benefits from SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, employee leasing, discounts from partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc. as well as free cyber sports courses and numerous training courses for your individual development. Balancing work is also important: That's why our staff restaurant (and yes we insist on a restaurant, because it's too high quality for a canteen) and various leisure activities such as our modern SIXT gym, a gaming area or the SIXT choir are available to you - to here to name just a few. On one day a year you can support the children's aid organization ?Drying Little Tears?, an initiative by Regine Sixt, & do something good. In addition, your colleagues are in a pretty good mood. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and no wonder you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. If something bothers you, you always have someone you can confide in in regular feedback meetings, employee surveys or on our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute. Otherwise we live ?work hard, play hard? - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, i.e. a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. Your area of ​​work: Pricing focuses on market-oriented and margin-optimizing product and price management for all business areas and customer groups in order to create long-term value for the company. The	Hotel specialist	None	2023-03-07 16:07:22.856000
