7244	9849	Young chef / Commis de Cuisine for Berghotel	We are looking for a young chef / commis de cuisine (m/f/d) with immediate effect or by appointment. NEW: When you join you will receive a welcome bonus of €1,000.00! Your tasks: Professional handling and storage of incoming and outgoing food. Independent planning and calculation of goods to be ordered. Induction of new colleagues and trainees into the daily work routine. Effective use of energy. Participation in the design of the cards and menu planning for à la carte, conferences and banquets. Jointly responsible for the weekly creation of the menu for the employees. Avoiding overproduction. organization of the workplace. Cost-conscious work. Participation and correct work according to specifications, recipes and instructions. Participation in compliance with the legal provisions of the Food Act. Participation in maintaining hygiene lists. Careful handling of machines and devices. We offer the following benefits: WE PROTECT YOU GOOD Retirement provision. supplementary health insurance. Private accident insurance. HERE YOU CAN SAVE Family & Friends discounts in the Bachmair Weissach world and at partner hotels/ private hoteliers. 50% employee discount in the restaurants of the Bachmair Weissach World. 50% discount in the Bachmair Weissach shop. Discounts in the Corporate Benefits shopping portal. WE PROMOTE AND SUPPORT YOU Covering the costs of the in-house German courses. Individual further education support. staff house. Childcare. You have: Completed training as a chef. Several years of experience in the à la carte and banqueting business would be an advantage. good knowledge of German. Extensive knowledge of HACCP. independent way of working. own high quality standards. Flexibility. Outstanding commitment, willingness to provide service and great interest in a team-oriented way of working. Have we aroused your interest and would you like to create "moments of happiness" with us? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. Please email your application to karriere@bachmair-weissach.com Please refer to career account, thank you. If you have any questions, we are also happy to answer them in advance by telephone	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:05:24.649000
