5950	8555	Young heroes wanted! – Training as a nursing specialist (m/f/d) 2023, job no.: 22/027	Young heroes wanted! – Training as a nursing specialist (m/f/d) 2023, job no.: 22/027
As of September 1st, 2023, the AWO Oberlausitz offers apprenticeships for
Nursing specialist (m/f/d)
at.
AWO Oberlausitz operates 5 nursing homes with around 300 places in Upper Lusatia. There is also an outpatient care service in Görlitz and Löbau to look after older people in their own four walls. The aim of AWO Oberlausitz is to provide social services with a high level of professional quality and to enable older people to enjoy a dignified retirement.
The nice thing about the profession of geriatric nurse is that you can accompany people in need of help in their retirement age for a part of their lives and also actively shape it. The joy and laughter of the people you care for encourages you to do your job every day and you can feel how useful it is own work is.
In 2020, the new general nursing training started, in which the previous vocational training in geriatric care, health and nursing and health and pediatric nursing are combined. In the last third of the training there is the possibility of specializing in the field of geriatric care.
Your advantages:

You will be instructed by experienced nursing staff and manage the everyday life of older people.
Nursing knowledge also includes a broad, basic medical knowledge and you will learn how to professionally address the needs and needs of people in need of care.
You will receive a fair and appropriate training allowance:

1st year: €1,040 / month
2nd year: €1,100/month
3rd year: €1,203 / month


Learning and work materials including work clothing will be made available to you during the practical training.
There are no school fees to be paid for attending nursing school.
At the AWO Oberlausitz you will also receive monthly performance-related special payments for good academic and practical performance.
In addition to your training allowance, you will receive 27 days of vacation.
The best chances of being hired await you.

Entry requirements:

Middle School graduation
Secondary school leaving certificate plus successfully completed - at least two years of vocational training - at least one year of assistant or helper training in care, which must meet certain conditions
Successfully completed ten years of general education
Language skills in German (level C1)

You should have the following social and personal skills:

empathy
sense of responsibility
willingness to help
teamwork

Duration of training:

The apprenticeship takes 3 years.
In the last third of the training you can specialize in the field of "elderly care".
The training takes place in alternation between school and practice in one of the facilities of the AWO Oberlausitz.

We have vacancies in the following AWO Oberlausitz facilities:

“Zentralhospital” nursing home in Görlitz
Ambulatory care service Görlitz
Outpatient nursing service Löbau
Our nursing homes in the Zittau area

You can find more information about AWO Oberlausitz as an employer here.
Please send us your meaningful application documents with just a few clicks using our online application form.
AWO OberlausitzHuman Resource ManagementStreet of Youth 2 | 02708 Löbau Email: bewerbung@awo-oberlausitz.de
Telephone: (03585) 86 75 26	nurse	None	2023-03-07 16:02:46.070000
