7617	10222	Young chef (m/f/d) for our main kitchen	Our family-run ****S Hotel EDELWEISS Berchtesgaden is located in the middle of a vibrant pedestrian zone. Our 129 comfort rooms and 4 restaurants promise relaxing days of enjoyment for the whole family. The highlight is the PANORAMA restaurant and the 2000 m² wellness area with a view over the roofs of Berchtesgaden. Our team currently consists of 150 employees. We at the Hotel EDELWEISS are a family-run company in the third generation. Dealing with our guests and employees is always characterized by family friendliness. There is a strong WE feeling in our company and we attach great importance to flat hierarchies and good team spirit. We promote our team spirit with regular events, excursions and doing sports together. We offer our approximately 150 employees an optimal work-life balance in the beautiful and natural surroundings of the Berchtesgadener Land. Together we want to make the Hotel EDELWEISS in Berchtesgaden the best hotel in Germany. Are you motivated to actively support us? Then find out more about our vacancies here. Your tasks: Preparing and serving food Creating the mise en place Supporting the chef de partie or demi chef de partie Ensuring cleanliness and order in the kitchen area Compliance with hygiene standards What you bring with you: Successfully completed cooking training Enjoyment and love of your job Fun at work in a team Sensitivity and creativity Quick comprehension We offer: Subsidy to the company pension plan Free meals incl. free drinks & coffee 7 days a week Stylish and appropriate employee clothing in the relevant departments Offer and promotion of training & further education Internal career opportunities & opportunities for advancement Accommodation in the nearby staff house, walking time approx. 5 minutes Use of the spa area (SUN-THU from 6:30 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.) incl. fitness room (daily from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.) Birthday and Christmas gifts as well Gifts for special occasions such as anniversaries Joint sports activities and team events Bonus if employees advertise for employees and they stay with the company for 6 months Bonus for apprentices with good or excellent success at vocational school Free childcare during opening hours Family & Friends rate in consultation and subject to availability Discounts at our parent company The EDELWEISS Salzburg Mountain Resort special prices at our cooperation partner and 5 star hotel ?Bio- und Wellnessresort Stanglwirt? in Tyrol Free e-bike rental, subject to availability Every employee can enjoy the breakfast buffet and the half-board evening menu free of charge when accompanied -20% on stays in partner companies of the Leading Spa Resorts -20% when purchasing all EDELWEISS vouchers at the reception -20% on all F&B services in the house -20% on all beauty products -30% discount on beauty treatments and massages from 9:00 a.m. ? 14:00 clock	chef	None	2023-03-07 16:06:10.227000
