7679	10284	Your job at the Hanover Exhibition Center - service - kitchen - logistics	As a specialist in gastronomy, the hotel industry, catering and communal catering, BUHL Personal has been number 1 for more than 30 years! Whether service or kitchen, canteen or care, reception or conference, trade fair or banquet: Our customers from all gastronomic sectors trust the market leader BUHL as their first point of contact when it comes to gastronomy staff. At the same time, we see ourselves as a powerful, fair and reliable employer for our employees, whom we treat with mutual respect, team spirit, professionalism and openness. BUHL Personal is a company of the BUHL Group, whose future is supported by the Charlotte and Hermann Buhl Foundation. Fair hero? Knife rocker? Exhibition staff! Are you looking for a new challenge with lots of variety and good pay in a professional team? Then strengthen our trade fair team at the largest and most modern trade fair center in the world in Hanover. Your options: We look forward to seeing you in a wide variety of areas:   Service: Become part of the modern gastronomy concept of the fair. Whether in the trade fair restaurants and bistros, in the banquet and conference area or at the trade fair stand parties - you are the charming and competent waiter. Guest relations : You become host*hostess. You look after exhibition stands, counters or counters, present goods or serve drinks and snacks. Kitchen : Become part of the modern kitchen concept at the fair. The kitchens in the trade fair restaurants and catering look forward to your manual skills and culinary expertise. Depending on your qualifications, you will strengthen the team as a cook, as a kitchen help or as a dishwasher. Coffee bar : You are the keeper of the black gold. No trade fair works without aromatic and attractively presented coffee specialties that you as a barista*barist conjure up. Logistics : One of the most important areas at the fair. Whether tables, chairs, counters or kitchen appliances, everything is in its place as planned at the start of the event. In addition, you will ensure that buffets, counters and restaurants are replenished and that empty containers are returned. Your profile:   Ideally experience in the desired area, we are also happy to give career changers a chance At least 18 years old Well-groomed appearance and good manners Commitment, motivation and teamwork Forward-looking, independent way of working Good knowledge of German, spoken and written   We offer you:   An interesting, varied position & safe workplace A nice team, a collegial working atmosphere & fun at work Experienced, reliable & technically versed dispatchers Flexible shift planning No partial service Convenient location In-house training courses that prepare you for the requirements on site Assignments according to your skills A fair & punctual Salary depends on qualifications & employment model Extensive additional benefits possible: subsidies for travel expenses or monthly ticket, discounts in a fitness club, further training & capital-forming benefits, vacation & Christmas bonus Employee discounts of up to 70% at over 600 brand shops Different employment models: full/part-time , mini job/part-time job, student job   Your future starts today! Apply now! Your contact person, our branch manager Ms. Claudia Zerban, is already looking forward to your application.	Specialist - restaurants and event catering	None	2023-03-07 16:06:17.840000
